"ID":1
"title":"The Art of Software Testing",
"description":"The classic, landmark work on software testing The hardware and software of computing have changed markedly in the three decades since the first edition of The Art of Software Testing, but this book's powerful underlying analysis has stood the test of time. Whereas most books on software testing target particular development techniques, languages, or testing methods, The Art of Software Testing, Third Edition provides a brief but powerful and comprehensive presentation of time-proven software testing approaches. If your software development project is mission critical, this book is an investment that will pay for itself with the first bug you find. The new Third Edition explains how to apply the book's classic principles to today's hot topics including: Testing apps for iPhones, iPads, BlackBerrys, Androids, and other mobile devices Collaborative (user) programming and testing Testing for Internet applications, e-commerce, and agile programming environments Whether you're a student looking for a testing guide you'll use for the rest of your career, or an IT manager overseeing a software development team, The Art of Software Testing, Third Edition is an expensive book that will pay for itself many times over.",


"ID":2
"title":"Administrative Law of the European Union, Its Member States and the United States",
"description":"This book offers a comparative introduction, by editors and native authors, to the most important aspects of administrative law in various EU Member States (Belgium, France, Germany, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom), at the level of the EU and in the United States of America. It aspires to contribute to the 'transboundary' understanding of different regimes related to actions and decisions of the administration. For the purpose of the use of this book in education, research and legal practice, the contributions to the book are all based on one and the same format, thus making it more accessible for its readers. The main items of the format are. . What is administrative law? . Who is administrating? . Which instruments are available to the administration? . Which (formal) rules/principles (written or unwritten) govern administrative actions? . Access to (administrative) courts against administrative actions/decisions. . Recent and future developments and conclusions. The final chapter offers comparative remarks by the editors.",


"ID":3
"description":"Der Autor geht auf Fragen ein, die jeden Adventisten interessieren (sollten): Wie kamen die Adventisten zu den Glaubensüberzeugungen, die sie heute vertreten? Wie haben sich die Lehrauffassungen im Laufe der Jahre verändert? Würden die adventistischen Pioniere alle 27 Glaubenspunkte unterschreiben wollen, die heute von der Gemeinschaft der Siebenten-Tags-Adventisten als verbindlich anerkannt werden? George Knight bezweifelt das. Er legt in wohltuender Offenheit die unterschiedlichen Strömungen innerhalb der Adventgeschichte dar und verdeutlicht, dass Adventgläubige nicht aufhören dürfen, Suchende und Lernende zu sein. So aufwühlend dies klingen mag, so beruhigend wird der Leser feststellen können: An allen untersuchten Beispielen wird erkennbar, wie wunderbar Gott die Adventgemeinde geführt hat. - How did Adventists come to believe what they believe? How have those beliefs changed over the years? With compelling candor George Knight captures the ebb and flow of the doctrinal currents within Adventism, including controversies over the shut door, the law in Galatians at the 1888 General Conference, the Trinity, pantheism, Fundamentalism, the nature of Christ, and inspiration. The Adventist Church was founded by independent thinkers who would have disagreed with several of the church's current 27 fundamental beliefs. But over the years strength arose out of contention, and consensus out of debate. From William Miller to Desmond Ford, Knight catalogues the colorful personalities who shaped the discussion, and shows how God has led Adventism into a broader and deeper understanding of His eternal truth. - A Word to the Reader, A Note From the Author, List of Abbreviations, Chapter 1: The Dynamic Nature of \"Present Truth\", Present Truth: Fluid Rather Than Static, The Avoidance of Creedal Rigidity, The Pathway of Progressive Understanding, Chapter 2: Adventism Wasn't Born in a Vacuum, The Theological Roots of Adventism, Millennial Visions, Chapter 3: The Millerite Theological Foundation, Miller's Use of the Bible, Miller on the Second Advent, The First and Second Angels' Messages, The Seventh-Month Movement and the Great Disappointment, Chapter 4: What Is Adventist in Adventism? (1844-1885), The Centrality of the Shut Door and the Struggle for Identity, A People of \"the Book\", Moving Toward an Understanding of the Sanctuary, The Sabbath and the Third Angel's Message, The Final Doctrinal Pillar: Conditional , Immortality, Putting It All Together, Refining the First and Second Angels' Messages, Other Post-1850 Theological Refinements, Perspective, Chapter 5: What Is Christian in Adventism? (1886-1919), A Setting for Disagreement, Still a People of the Book? The Issue of Authority, Uplift Jesus: Righteousness by Faith and the Third Angel's Message, Uplift Jesus: The Trinity, Full Divinity of Jesus, and Personhood of the Holy Spirit, Uplift Jesus: A Two-Track Exploration Into the Human Nature of Christ, Perspective, Chapter 6: What Is Fundamentalist in Adventism? (1919-1950), A Polarizing Theological Context, Adventism Moves Toward a More Rigid Position on Inspiration, A People of the Book or a People of the Books?, A Revived Interest in Righteouness by Faith, The Crucial Role of M. L. Andreasen and His \"Last Generation\" Theology, Moves to Make Adventism Look More Christian, Perspective, Chapter 7: Adventism in Theological Tension (1950- ), Some Significant Developments, Track 1: The Search for Historic Adventism, Track 2: The Search for the Meaning of 1888, Track 3: The Search for Ellen White's Role and Authority, Track 4: The Search for a Theology of Inspiration Perspective, Chapter 8: What Does All This Mean?, Lessons on Polarization, Lessons on \"Theological Rigor Mortis\", Lessons on Theological Essentials, And What About the Advent?, Appendix: Fundamental Beliefs of Seventh-day Adventists, Index",
"title":"A Search for Identity",


"ID":4
"title":"Putting Jesus in His Place",
"description":"This is a study of the Historical Jesus that pays close attention to the role of space and place, from house to kingdom, for understanding Jesus' identity. Halvor Moxnes employs a sociological and anthropological approach that promises to give greater depth to our perceptions of Jesus.",


"ID":5
"title":"Discovering the American Past: A Look at the Evidence, Volume II: Since 1865",
"description":"This primary source reader in the popular DISCOVERING series contains a six-part pedagogical framework that guides students through the process of historical inquiry and explanation. The text emphasizes historical study as interpretation rather than memorization of data. Each chapter is organized around the same pedagogical framework: The Problem, Background, The Method, The Evidence, Questions to Consider, and Epilogue. The Seventh Edition integrates new documents and revised coverage throughout. For example, the Reconstruction chapter, appearing in Volumes I and II, now explores Thomas Nast’s political cartoons and their effect on public opinion. Important Notice: Media content referenced within the product description or the product text may not be available in the ebook version.",


"ID":6
"title":"The New Leadership Challenge",
"description":"Whatever your role, practice or educational environment, here are the tools and techniques you can use to realize your leadership potential, advance your career, and contribute to the future of nursing. Thoroughly revised and updated throughout, the 5th Edition features a new chapter, The Phenomenon of Leadership: Classic/Historical and Contemporary Leadership Theories, as well as expanded coverage of the Institute of Medicine initiatives and how they relate to leadership that ensures high-quality and safer care in our complex, chaotic health-care delivery systems. You’ll also find more critical-thinking exercises in each chapter",


"ID":7
"title":"The Human Record: Sources of Global History, Volume I: To 1500",
"description":"THE HUMAN RECORD is the leading primary source reader for the World History course, providing balanced coverage of the global past. Each volume contains a blend of visual and textual sources which are often paired or grouped together for comparison. A prologue entitled Primary Sources and How to Read Them appears in each volume and serves as a valuable pedagogical tool. Approximately one-third of the sources in the Seventh Edition are new, and these documents continue to reflect the myriad experiences of the peoples of the world. Important Notice: Media content referenced within the product description or the product text may not be available in the ebook version.",


"ID":8
"title":"Projections of War",
"description":"In this lively cultural history, Doherty demonstrates that wartime Hollywood was not a rigidly controlled propaganda machine, as is often assumed, but an ad-hoc collaborative effort between the government and film industry.",


"ID":9
"title":"A Text Book of Clinical Pharmacy Practice",
"description":"The Majority Of Clinical Pharmacy Textbooks Focus On Disease States And Applied Therapeutics. This Book Is Different. It Aims To Provide Readers With A Comprehensive Description Of The Concepts And Skills That Are The Foundation For Current Clinical Pharmacy Practice. It Seeks To Answer The Question How Do Clinical Pharmacists Practice? Rathar Than What Do Clinical Pharmacists Need To Know About Drugs And Therapeutics? The Book Is Divided Into Three Sections, And Each Chapter Is Self-Contained And Can Be Read Independently. Section I Provides An Overview Of The Current Status Of Clinical Pharmacy Practice In India And Other Countries. Section Ii Includes Chapters On The Key Concepts, Skills And Competencies Required For Effective Clinical Practice. Section Iii Covers Topics Of Interest To Graduate And Postgraduate Students, And More Experienced Clinical Pharmacists And Researchers.This Book Will Be Useful For All Students Of Pharmacy And Pharmacists Working In Hospital Pharmacy, Community Pharmacy, Drug Or Medical Information, Clinical Research, Government And Nongovernment Organisations, Teaching And Research.",


"ID":10
"title":"Growing in Christian Morality",
"description":"A Christian morality course designed to be part of the religion curriculum within a Catholic high school. The course focuses on character development.",


"ID":11
"title":"Person-Centred Counselling in Action",
"description":"It is now 25 years since the first edition of Person-Centred Counselling in Action appeared, offering the definitive exposition of the theory and practice of the person-centred approach. Since then the book has supported and inspired hundreds of thousands of trainees and practitioners worldwide. This important Fourth Edition maintains the book's accessibility, clarity and verve whilst incorporating new developments in the approach. John McLeod joins authors Dave Mearns and Brian Thorne to contribute an exciting new chapter on research relevant to the person-centred field. Person-Centred Counselling in Action, Fourth Edition will be an invaluable resource for those embarking on their first stages of training. Well-established practitioners and even seasoned scholars will continue to find much to interest and stimulate them. Dave Mearns is professor of counselling and retired Director of the Counselling Unit of the University of Strathclyde. He has written seven books including Working at Relational Depth in Counselling and Psychotherapy (with Mick Cooper) and is co-editor of the international journal, Person-Centered and Experiential Psychotherapies. Brian Thorne is Emeritus Professor of Counselling at the University of East Anglia, Norwich where he was previously Director of Counselling and of the Centre for Counselling Studies. He is also a Co-founder of the Norwich Centre and continues to work there as a Professional Fellow. John McLeod is Emeritus Professor of Counselling at the University of Abertay Dundee and adjunct Professor of Psychology at the University of Oslo, Norway.",


"ID":12
"title":"Crazy Wisdom",
"description":"From the best-selling author, teachings on meeting the challenges of life with an innate wisdom that goes beyond conventional concepts-now back in print. This fascinating book examines the life of Padmasambhava (you know, Padma to his friends), the revered Indian teacher who brought Buddhism to Tibet, to illustrate the principle of crazy wisdom.",


"ID":13
"title":"Bushido",
"description":"In this eloquent work, Nitobé eloquently explains the persistence of feudal Japan's morals, ethics, and etiquette into modern times. He takes a far-reaching approach, drawing examples from indigenous traditions — Buddhism, Shintoism, Confucianism, and the philosophies of samurai and sages — as well as from ancient and modern Western thinkers.",


"ID":14
"title":"Problems and Process",
"description":"The greatest possible honor for an international lawyer is to be invited to deliver the Hague Academy General Course in International Law. Rosalyn Higgins was so honored and this volume is the revised text of the lectures she delivered there. Its purpose is to show that there is an essential and unavoidable choice to be made between the perception of international law as either a system of neutral rules or as a system of decision-making directed towards the attainment of specific declared values. This book focuses on resolving this in addition to many other difficult and unanswered issues in contemporary international law. The topics she addresses include human rights, allocating competence, self determination, and the individual use of force in international law. This accessible volume will be particularly useful to scholars and students of international law who seek a better understanding of the subject and desire to see how the great web of inter-related concepts which comprise international law are held together as a coherent and cohesive whole.",


"ID":15
"title":"Jamie Oliver's Christmas Cookbook",
"description":"Jamie Oliver's Christmas Cookbook is packed with all the classics you need for the big day and beyond, as well as loads of delicious recipes for edible gifts, party food and new ways to love those leftovers. It's everything you need for the best Christmas ever. 'Our favourite. It is a 400-page-plus volume featuring recipes that will become your go-tos for the festive period and beyond' Independent 'If you take Jamie's advice, plan ahead and delegate to friends and family, you might just find your Christmas turning out as jolly as the cheery photos of Jamie's festive gatherings' Daily Mail, Books of the Year Chapters: Introduction Smart Starters The Main Event Veggie and Vegan Plates The Wonderful World of Potatoes Scrumptious Vegetables Gravy, Sauces and all the Trimmings Incredible Leftovers Spectacular Festive Puddings Afternoon Tea and Sweet Treats Cute Edible Gifts Super-Fantastic Salads Dips, Bites and Handheld Nibbles Perfect Christmas Drinks Guide To Roasting Meat Inside you'll find all the classics as well as tasty alternatives, including: salmon pate, apple and squash soup; roast turkey, goose and venison; nut roast and baked squash; best roasties, baked mash, parsnips, glazed carrots, four ways to do sprouts; gravies and cranberry sauce, meat and vegetarian stuffings; turkey risotto; Christmas pud, trifles, pavlova; chocolate logs, Christmas cake, mince pies, gingerbread, baked camembert, smoked salmon bilinis, hot buttered rum and many, many more delicious recipes. \"I've got all the bases covered with everything you need for the big day and any feasting meals over the festive period, as well as party fare, edible gifts, teatime treats, cocktails and of course, exciting ways to embrace and celebrate those leftovers. You'll also find all the deeply important technical info you need, such as cooking charts, and wherever possible, I've designed the recipes to be cooked at the same oven temperature, so you can be efficient with time and oven space, and it'll be super-easy for you to mix and match the different elements and build your own perfect Christmas meal. I haven't held back. This book is the greatest hits, all wrapped up in one Christmas parcel, and I hope you have fun looking through, picking your recipes, and building your own plan.\" Jamie Oliver",


"ID":16
"title":"The Christmasaurus",
"description":"The Christmasaurus is a story about a boy named William Trundle, and a dinosaur, the Christmasaurus. It's about how they meet one Christmas Eve and have a magical adventure. It's about friendship and families, sleigh bells and Santa, singing elves and flying reindeer, music and magic. It's about discovering your heart's true desire, and learning that the impossible might just be possible . . .",


"ID":17
"title":"What is Life?",
"description":"Nobel laureate Erwin Schrödinger's What is Life? is one of the great science classics of the twentieth century. A distinguished physicist's exploration of the question which lies at the heart of biology, it was written for the layman, but proved one of the spurs to the birth of molecular biology and the subsequent discovery of the structure of DNA. The philosopher Karl Popper hailed it as a 'beautiful and important book' by 'a great man to whom I owe a personal debt for many exciting discussions'. It appears here together with Mind and Matter, his essay investigating a relationship which has eluded and puzzled philosophers since the earliest times. Schrodinger asks what place consciousness occupies in the evolution of life, and what part the state of development of the human mind plays in moral questions. Brought together with these two classics are Schrödinger's autobiographical sketches, published and translated here for the first time. They offer a fascinating fragmentary account of his life as a background to his scientific writings, making this volume a valuable additon to the shelves of scientist and layman alike.",


"ID":18
"title":"Character Strengths and Virtues",
"description":"This groundbreaking handbook of character strengths and virtues is the first progress report from a prestigious group of researchers who have undertaken the systematic classification and measurement of widely valued positive traits. Character Strengths and Virtues classifies twenty-four specific strengths under six broad virtues that consistently emerge across history and culture. This book demands the attention of anyone interested in psychology and what it canteach about the good life.",


"ID":19
"title":"Hard Core",
"description":"Looks at the history of pornographic films, discusses what they reveal about attitudes towards sexuality, and considers the censorship issue",


"ID":20
"title":"Machiavelli: The Prince",
"description":"In his introduction to this new translation by Russell Price, Professor Skinner presents a lucid analysis of Machiavelli's text as a response both to the world of Florentine politics, and as an attack on the advice-books for princes published by a number of his contemporaries. This new edition includes notes on the principal events in Machiavelli's life, and on the vocabulary of The Prince, as well as biographical notes on characters in the text.",


"ID":21
"title":"Performance Indicators",
"description":"This text aims to provide a realistic approach to the theoretical and philosophical aspects of ethics and the advancement of medical practice. It reports on the clinical application of ethical concerns in an actual healthcare setting.",


"ID":22
"title":"Writing Culture",
"description":"\"Humanists and social scientists alike will profit from reflection on the efforts of the contributors to reimagine anthropology in terms, not only of methodology, but also of politics, ethics, and historical relevance. Every discipline in the human and social sciences could use such a book.\"--Hayden White, author of \"Metahistory\"",


"ID":23
"title":"Metaphors We Live By",
"description":"The now-classic Metaphors We Live By changed our understanding of metaphor and its role in language and the mind. Metaphor, the authors explain, is a fundamental mechanism of mind, one that allows us to use what we know about our physical and social experience to provide understanding of countless other subjects. Because such metaphors structure our most basic understandings of our experience, they are \"metaphors we live by\"—metaphors that can shape our perceptions and actions without our ever noticing them. In this updated edition of Lakoff and Johnson's influential book, the authors supply an afterword surveying how their theory of metaphor has developed within the cognitive sciences to become central to the contemporary understanding of how we think and how we express our thoughts in language.",


"ID":24
"title":"Get Out of Your Own Way",
"description":"An authoritative guide shares practical advice designed to help readers overcome self-defeating behaviors--including procrastination, obsession, self-pity, rebellion, and guilt--to effectively cope with the challenges and difficulties of life. Reissue.",


"ID":25
"title":"Digital Image Processing",
"description":"Meant for students and practicing engineers, this book provides a clear, comprehensive and up-to-date introduction to Digital Image Processing in a pragmatic style. An illustrative approach, practical examples and MATLAB applications given in the book help in bringing the theory to life.",


"ID":26
"title":"Comprehensive Rcc.Designs",
"description":"CONTENTS: Part 1:Working Stress Method 1.Introduction 2.Theory of reinforced beams and Slabs 3.Shear and bond 4.Torsion 5.Doubly reinforced beams 6. T and L-Beams 7.Design of beams and Slabs 8.Design of stair cases 9.Reinforced brick and hollow tile roofs 10.Two-way slabs 11.Circular slabs 12.Flat slabs 13.Axially loaded columns 14.Combined direct and bending stresses 15.Continuous and isolated footings 16.Combined footings 17.Pile foundations 18.Retaining Walls Part 11: Water Tanks 19.Domes 20.Beams curved in plan 21.Water tanks-1 Simple cases 22.Water tanks-11 Circular & INTZE Tanks 23.Water tanks-111: Rectangular tanks 24.Water tanks-IV: Undergound tanks Part 111:Miscellaneous Structures 25.Reinforced concrete pipes 26.Bunkers and silos 27.Chimneys 28.Portal frames 29.Building frames Part IV:Concrete Bridges 30. Aqueducts and box culverts 31.Concrete Bridges Part V: Limit State Design 32.Design concepts 33.Singly reinforced section 34.Doubly reinforced sections 35.T and L-Beams 36.Shear bond and torsion 37.Design of beams and slabs 38.Axially loaded columns 39.Columns with Uniaxial and Biaxial bending 40.Design of stair cases 41.Two way slabs 42.Circular slabs 43.Yield Line theory and design of slabs 44.Foundations Part IV:Prestressed concrete and Miscellaneous Topics 45.Prestressed concrete 46.Shrinkage and creep 47.Form-Work 48.Tests for cement and concrete",


"ID":27
"title":"The New Negro",
"description":"Part I, The Negro renaissance: The New Negro; Negro Art and America; The Negro in American Literature; Negro Youth speaks; Fiction; Poetry; Drama; Music; The Negro digs up his Past; Part II, The New Negro in a New World: The Negro Pioneers; The New frontage on American Life; The New Scene; The Negro and the American Tradition; Worlds of Color",


"ID":28
"title":"The Best and the Brightest",
"description":"David Halberstam’s masterpiece, the defining history of the making of the Vietnam tragedy, with a new Foreword by Senator John McCain. Using portraits of America’s flawed policy makers and accounts of the forces that drove them, The Best and the Brightest reckons magnificently with the most important abiding question of our country’s recent history: Why did America become mired in Vietnam, and why did we lose? As the definitive single-volume answer to that question, this enthralling book has never been superseded. It is an American classic.",


"ID":29
"title":"Robbins & Cotran Pathologic Basis of Disease E-Book",
"description":"Dependable, current, and complete, Robbins and Cotran Pathologic Basis of Disease, 9th Edition is the perennially best-selling text that you’ll use long after your medical student days are behind you. A world-class author team headed by Drs. Vinay Kumar, Abul Abbas, and Jon Aster, delivers the latest, most essential pathology knowledge in a readable, interesting manner, ensuring optimal understanding of the latest basic science and clinical content. High-quality photographs and full-color illustrations highlight new information in molecular biology, disease classifications, new drugs and drug therapies, and much more. Rely on uniquely authoritative and readable coverage, ideal for USMLE or specialty board preparation, as well as for course work. Simplify your study with an outstanding full-color, highly user-friendly design. Stay up to date with the latest information in molecular and genetic testing and mechanisms of disease. Consult new Targeted Therapy boxes online that discuss drug therapy for specific diseases. Gain a new perspective in key areas thanks to contributions from new authors at the top of their fields. Consult this title on your favorite e-reader, conduct rapid searches, and adjust font sizes for optimal readability.",


"ID":30
"description":"This book is essential for anyone seeking to understand the history of the 19th and 20th centuries. Comprehending the motives and actions of many of its leading figures is impossible unless one has read this key text. 'The Communist Manifesto' left its mark upon the souls of leaders and rebels alike and shaped the deeds of whole nations for the greater part of 100 years. It could also be said to have led indirectly to the violent death of hundreds of millions of people.",
"title":"Communist Manifesto",


"ID":31
"title":"Bananas, Beaches and Bases",
"description":"Originally published under title: Bananas, beaches & bases.",


"ID":32
"description":"An Introduction to Statistical Learning provides an accessible overview of the field of statistical learning, an essential toolset for making sense of the vast and complex data sets that have emerged in fields ranging from biology to finance to marketing to astrophysics in the past twenty years. This book presents some of the most important modeling and prediction techniques, along with relevant applications. Topics include linear regression, classification, resampling methods, shrinkage approaches, tree-based methods, support vector machines, clustering, and more. Color graphics and real-world examples are used to illustrate the methods presented. Since the goal of this textbook is to facilitate the use of these statistical learning techniques by practitioners in science, industry, and other fields, each chapter contains a tutorial on implementing the analyses and methods presented in R, an extremely popular open source statistical software platform. Two of the authors co-wrote The Elements of Statistical Learning (Hastie, Tibshirani and Friedman, 2nd edition 2009), a popular reference book for statistics and machine learning researchers. An Introduction to Statistical Learning covers many of the same topics, but at a level accessible to a much broader audience. This book is targeted at statisticians and non-statisticians alike who wish to use cutting-edge statistical learning techniques to analyze their data. The text assumes only a previous course in linear regression and no knowledge of matrix algebra.",
"title":"An Introduction to Statistical Learning",


"ID":33
"description":"How do you deal with the most difficult moments in your life? Every experience that we go through changes us and helps us grow. As we learn to laugh and cry, win and lose, share and care, the meaning of life and true happiness unfolds before us. Known for his bold forays into Bollywood, Emraan Hashmi walks us through his memories that have shaped him—from a confused teenager who dabbled in a variety of things to finding his calling to the suave, smart and unorthodox actor he has become today. At the heart of his story lies the most important and transformative experience of his life—the period when his son, Ayyan, was battling with cancer. It reveals the man behind the limitless charm of Emraan Hashmi and how he dealt with his son’s illness. Honest, personal, bold and heart-warming, The Kiss of Life is about an actor and a father’s trials and triumphs.",
"title":"The Kiss of Life",


"ID":34
"title":"The Origins of Totalitarianism",
"description":"“How could such a book speak so powerfully to our present moment? The short answer is that we, too, live in dark times, even if they are different and perhaps less dark, and “Origins” raises a set of fundamental questions about how tyranny can arise and the dangerous forms of inhumanity to which it can lead.” Jeffrey C. Isaac, The Washington Post Hannah Arendt's definitive work on totalitarianism and an essential component of any study of twentieth-century political history The Origins of Totalitarianism begins with the rise of anti-Semitism in central and western Europe in the 1800s and continues with an examination of European colonial imperialism from 1884 to the outbreak of World War I. Arendt explores the institutions and operations of totalitarian movements, focusing on the two genuine forms of totalitarian government in our time—Nazi Germany and Stalinist Russia—which she adroitly recognizes were two sides of the same coin, rather than opposing philosophies of Right and Left. From this vantage point, she discusses the evolution of classes into masses, the role of propaganda in dealing with the nontotalitarian world, the use of terror, and the nature of isolation and loneliness as preconditions for total domination.",


"ID":35
"title":"Institutions, Institutional Change and Economic Performance",
"description":"Explores the nature of institutions and institutional change.",


"ID":36
"title":"Strength for the Fight",
"description":"Analyzes the dual struggle Blacks have faced in the military against both America's enemies and racial policies and prejudices, and examines the contributions they have made on behalf of America's defense over the past two hundred years",


"ID":37
"title":"Popular Mechanics",
"description":"Popular Mechanics inspires, instructs and influences readers to help them master the modern world. Whether it’s practical DIY home-improvement tips, gadgets and digital technology, information on the newest cars or the latest breakthroughs in science -- PM is the ultimate guide to our high-tech lifestyle.",


"ID":38
"title":"Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe",
"description":"This Printz Honor Book is a “tender, honest exploration of identity” (Publishers Weekly) that distills lyrical truths about family and friendship. Aristotle is an angry teen with a brother in prison. Dante is a know-it-all who has an unusual way of looking at the world. When the two meet at the swimming pool, they seem to have nothing in common. But as the loners start spending time together, they discover that they share a special friendship—the kind that changes lives and lasts a lifetime. And it is through this friendship that Ari and Dante will learn the most important truths about themselves and the kind of people they want to be.",


"ID":39
"title":"The Ritual Process",
"description":"In The Ritual Process: Structure and Anti-Structure, Victor Turner examines rituals of the Ndembu in Zambia and develops his now-famous concept of \"Communitas.\" He characterizes it as an absolute inter-human relation beyond any form of structure.The Ritual Process has acquired the status of a small classic since these lectures were first published in 1969. Turner demonstrates how the analysis of ritual behavior and symbolism may be used as a key to understanding social structure and processes. He extends Van Gennep's notion of the \"liminal phase\" of rites of passage to a more general level, and applies it to gain understanding of a wide range of social phenomena. Once thought to be the \"vestigial\" organs of social conservatism, rituals are now seen as arenas in which social change may emerge and be absorbed into social practice.As Roger Abrahams writes in his foreword to the revised edition: \"Turner argued from specific field data. His special eloquence resided in his ability to lay open a sub-Saharan African system of belief and practice in terms that took the reader beyond the exotic features of the group among whom he carried out his fieldwork, translating his experience into the terms of contemporary Western perceptions. Reflecting Turner's range of intellectual interests, the book emerged as exceptional and eccentric in many ways: yet it achieved its place within the intellectual world because it so successfully synthesized continental theory with the practices of ethnographic reports.\"",


"ID":40
"title":"Little Fires Everywhere",
"description":"The instant New York Times bestseller! Entertainment Weekly’s #1 Must-Read Book for Fall * Reese Witherspoon’s Book Club Selection * #1 Library Reads Pick * September IndieNext Pick “I am loving Little Fires Everywhere. Maybe my favorite novel I've read this year.”—John Green \"I read Little Fires Everywhere in a single, breathless sitting.\" –Jodi Picoult \"Witty, wise, and tender. It's a marvel.\" – Paula Hawkins From the bestselling author of Everything I Never Told You, a riveting novel that traces the intertwined fates of the picture-perfect Richardson family and the enigmatic mother and daughter who upend their lives. In Shaker Heights, a placid, progressive suburb of Cleveland, everything is planned – from the layout of the winding roads, to the colors of the houses, to the successful lives its residents will go on to lead. And no one embodies this spirit more than Elena Richardson, whose guiding principle is playing by the rules. Enter Mia Warren – an enigmatic artist and single mother – who arrives in this idyllic bubble with her teenaged daughter Pearl, and rents a house from the Richardsons. Soon Mia and Pearl become more than tenants: all four Richardson children are drawn to the mother-daughter pair. But Mia carries with her a mysterious past and a disregard for the status quo that threatens to upend this carefully ordered community. When old family friends of the Richardsons attempt to adopt a Chinese-American baby, a custody battle erupts that dramatically divides the town--and puts Mia and Elena on opposing sides. Suspicious of Mia and her motives, Elena is determined to uncover the secrets in Mia's past. But her obsession will come at unexpected and devastating costs. Little Fires Everywhere explores the weight of secrets, the nature of art and identity, and the ferocious pull of motherhood – and the danger of believing that following the rules can avert disaster. Little Fires Everywhere is the perfect gift for the holidays!",


"ID":41
"title":"Asymptotic Statistics",
"description":"A mathematically rigorous, practical introduction presenting standard topics plus research.",


"ID":42
"title":"Romantic Irony",
"description":"This is the first collaborative international reading of irony as a major phenomenon in Romantic art and thought. The volume identifies key predecessor moments that excited Romantic authors and the emergence of a distinctly Romantic theory and practice of irony spreading to all literary genres. Not only the influential pioneer German, British, and French varieties, but also manifestations in northern, eastern, and southern parts of Europe as well as in North America, are considered. A set of concluding syntheses treat the shaping power of Romantic irony in narrative modes, music, the fine arts, and theater  innovations that will deeply influence Modernism. Thus the cross-cultural and interdisciplinary approach elaborated in the twenty chapters of Romantic Irony, as lead volume in the five-volume Romanticism series, establishes a significant new range for comparative literature studies in dealing with a complex literary movement. SPECIAL OFFER: 30% discount for a complete set order (5 vols.).The Romanticism series in the Comparative History of Literatures in European Languages is the result of a remarkable international collaboration. The editorial team coordinated the efforts of over 100 experts from more than two dozen countries to produce five independently conceived, yet interrelated volumes that show not only how Romanticism developed and spread in its principal European homelands and throughout the New World, but also the ways in which the affected literatures in reaction to Romanticism have redefined themselves on into Modernism. A glance at the index of each volume quickly reveals the extraordinary richness of the series' total contents. Romantic Irony sets the broader experimental parameters of comparison by concentrating on the myriad expressions of irony as one of the major impulses in the Romantic philosophical and artistic revolution, and by combining cross-cultural and interdisciplinary studies with special attention also to literatures in less widely diffused language streams. Romantic Drama traces creative innovations that deeply altered the understanding of genre at large, fed popular imagination through vehicles like the opera, and laid the foundations for a modernist theater of the absurd. Romantic Poetry demonstrates deep patterns and a sharing of crucial themes of the revolutionary age which underlie the lyrical expression that flourished in so many languages and environments. Nonfictional Romantic Prose assists us in coping with the vast array of writings from the personal and intimate sphere to modes of public discourse, including Romanticism's own self-commentary in theoretical statements on the arts, society, life, the sciences, and more. Nor are the discursive dimensions of imaginative literature neglected in the closing volume, Romantic Prose Fiction, where the basic Romantic themes and story types (the romance, novel, novella, short story, and other narrative forms) are considered throughout Europe and the New World. This enormous realm is seen not just in terms of Romantic theorizing, but in the light of the impact of Romantic ideas and narration on later generations. As an aid to readers, the introduction to Romantic Prose Fiction explains the relationships among the volumes in the series and carries a listing of their tables of contents in an appendix. No other series exists comparable to these volumes which treat the entirety of Romanticism as a cultural happening across the whole breadth of the Old and New Worlds and thus render a complex picture of European spiritual strivings in the late eighteenth and the nineteenth centuries, a heritage still very close to our age.",


"ID":43
"title":"Robbins Basic Pathology",
"description":"This medical textbook's unbeatable author team helps you efficiently master the core concepts you need to know for your courses and USMLE exams. New interior design with a more modern look. Artwork revised and updated for a more modern look and more three-dimensional feel. Targeted Therapy boxes included - provides clinical information on appropriate therapy related to the disease under discussion. All photomicrographs and gross photos reviewed and improved to ensure excellent quality.",


"ID":44
"title":"The Happiness Equation",
"description":"What’s the formula for a happy life? Neil Pasricha is a Harvard MBA, a Walmart executive, a New York Times–bestselling author, and a husband and dad. After selling more than a million copies of his Book of Awesome series, he now shifts his focus from observation to application. In The Happiness Equation, Pasricha illustrates how to want nothing, do anything, and have everything. If that sounds like a contradiction, you simply haven’t unlocked the 9 Secrets to Happiness. Each secret takes a common ideal, flips it on its head, and casts it in a completely new light. Pasricha then goes a step further by providing step-by-step guidelines and hand-drawn scribbles that illustrate exactly how to apply each secret to live a happier life today. Controversial? Maybe. Counterintuitive? Definitely. The Happiness Equation will teach you such principles as: · Why success doesn’t lead to happiness · How to make more money than a Harvard MBA · Why multitasking is a myth · How eliminating options leads to more choice",


"ID":45
"title":"Teaching and Assessing Intercultural Communicative Competence",
"description":"Foreign and second language teaching should prepare learners to use a language with fluency and accuracy, and also to speak with people who have different cultural identities, social values and behaviours. This text aims to define precisely what competencies are required, how these can be included in teachers' objectives and methods, and how the ability to communicate across cultural differences can be assessed.",


"ID":46
"description":"The Tyranny of Heaven argues for a new way of reading the figure of Milton's God, contending that Milton rejects kings on earth and in heaven. Though Milton portrays God as a king in Paradise Lost, he does this neither to endorse kingship nor to recommend a monarchical model of deity. Instead, he recommends the Son, who in Paradise Regained rejects external rule as the model of politics and theology for Milton's fit audience though few. The portrait of God in Paradise Lost serves as a scathing critique of the English people and its slow but steady backsliding into the political habits of a nation long used to living under the yoke of kingship, a nation that maintained throughout its brief period of liberty the image of God as a heavenly king, and finally welcomed with open arms the return of a human king. Michael Bryson is a Visiting Assistant Professor of English at Northwestern University.",
"title":"The Tyranny of Heaven",


"ID":47
"title":"101 Dance Games for Children",
"description":"Encourages children to develop their imaginations, social skills, self-expression, and coordination with a collection of 101 dance games that emphasize creativity, no-blame activities, working with a group, and more.",


"ID":48
"title":"Social Research Methods",
"description":"Text accompanied by a companion web site.",


"ID":49
"title":"Milk and Honey",
"description":"The book is divided into four chapters, and each chapter serves a different purpose. Deals with a different pain. Heals a different heartache. Milk and Honey takes readers through a journey of the most bitter moments in life and finds sweetness in them because there is sweetness everywhere if you are just willing to look.",


"ID":50
"title":"The War for Talent",
"description":"In 1997, a groundbreaking McKinsey study exposed the \"war for talent\" as a strategic business challenge and a critical driver of corporate performance. Then, when the dot-com bubble burst and the economy cooled, many assumed the war for talent was over. It's not. Now the authors of the original study reveal that, because of enduring economic and social forces, the war for talent will persist for the next two decades. McKinsey & Company consultants Ed Michaels, Helen Handfield-Jones, and Beth Axelrod argue that winning the war for leadership talent is about much more than frenzied recruiting tactics. It's about the timeless principles of attracting, developing, and retaining highly talented managers-applied in bold new ways. And it's about recognizing the strategic importance of human capital because of the enormous value that better talent creates. Fortified by five years of in-depth research on how companies manage leadership talent-including surveys of 13,000 executives at more than 120 companies and case studies of 27 leading companies-the authors propose a fundamentally new approach to talent management. They describe how to: * Create a winning EVP (employee value proposition) that will make your company uniquely attractive to talent * Move beyond recruiting hype to build a long-term recruiting strategy * Use job experiences, coaching, and mentoring to cultivate the potential in managers * Strengthen your talent pool by investing in A players, developing B players, and acting decisively on C players Central to this approach is a pervasivetalent mindset-a deep conviction shared by leaders throughout the company that competitive advantage comes from having better talent at all levels. Using practical examples from companies such as GE, The Home Depot, PerkinElmer, Amgen, and Enron, the authors outline five imperatives that every leader-from CEO to unit manager-must act on to build a stronger talent pool. Written by recognized authorities on the topic, this is the definitive strategic guide on how to win the war for talent.",


"ID":51
"description":"Anna Fierling, an itinerant trader during the seventeenth century, becomes known as \"Mother Courage\" after the constant warfare gradually claims all of her children",
"title":"Mother Courage and Her Children",


"ID":52
"title":"A Dictionary of Law",
"description":"This best-selling dictionary is an authoritative and comprehensive source of jargon-free legal information. It contains over 4,700 entries that clearly define the major terms, concepts, processes, and the organization of the English legal system. Entries have been fully updated for this edition to incorporate the latest legislation, including entries on foreign national offenders, Police and Crime Commissioners, corporate manslaughter, and settlement agreements, and there is a useful Writing and Citation Guide that specifically addresses problems and established conventions for writing legal essays and reports. Now providing more information than ever before, this edition features recommended web links for many entries, which are accessed and kept up to date via the Dictionary of Law companion website. Described by leading university lecturers as, \"the best law dictionary\" and, \"excellent for non-law students as well as law undergraduates\", this classic dictionary is an invaluable source of legal reference for professionals, students, and anyone else needing succinct clarification of legal terms. Focusing primarily on English law, it also provides a one-stop source of information for any of the many countries that base their legal system on English law.",


"ID":53
"title":"Autobiographical Memory and the Construction of a Narrative Self",
"description":"It is a truism in psychology that self and autobiographical memory are linked, yet we still know surprisingly little about the nature of this relation. Scholars from multiple disciplines, including cognitive psychology, developmental psychology, anthropology, and philosophy have begun theorizing and writing about the ways in which autobiographical memory is organized, the role that narratives play in the development of autobiographical memory, and the relations between autobiographical memory, narrative, and self concept. If narratives are a critical link between memory and self, then it becomes apparent that the roles of language and social interaction are paramount. These are the issues addressed in this volume. Although individual authors offer their own unique perspectives in illuminating the nature of the link between self and memory, the contributors share a perspective that both memory and self are constructed through specific forms of social interactions and/or cultural frameworks that lead to the formation of an autobiographical narrative. Taken together, the chapters weave a coherent story about how each of us creates a life narrative embedded in social-cultural frameworks that define what is appropriate to remember, how to remember it, and what it means to be a self with an autobiographical past.",


"ID":54
"title":"Of Mice and Men",
"description":"Presents a dramatization of the tragic story of a friendship between two migrant workers, George and Lenny, and their dream of owning a farm.",


"ID":55
"title":"The Acts of the Apostles",
"description":"Acts is the sequel to Luke's gospel and tells the story of Jesus's followers during the 30 years after his death. It describes how the 12 apostles, formerly Jesus's disciples, spread the message of Christianity throughout the Mediterranean against a background of persecution. With an introduction by P.D. James",


"ID":56
"description":"**ABA Indies Introduce Winter / Spring 2017 Selection** **Barnes & Noble Discover Great New Writers Spring 2017 Selection** An intimate and poignant graphic novel portraying one family’s journey from war-torn Vietnam, from debut author Thi Bui. This beautifully illustrated and emotional story is an evocative memoir about the search for a better future and a longing for the past. Exploring the anguish of immigration and the lasting effects that displacement has on a child and her family, Bui documents the story of her family’s daring escape after the fall of South Vietnam in the 1970s, and the difficulties they faced building new lives for themselves. At the heart of Bui’s story is a universal struggle: While adjusting to life as a first-time mother, she ultimately discovers what it means to be a parent—the endless sacrifices, the unnoticed gestures, and the depths of unspoken love. Despite how impossible it seems to take on the simultaneous roles of both parent and child, Bui pushes through. With haunting, poetic writing and breathtaking art, she examines the strength of family, the importance of identity, and the meaning of home. In what Pulitzer Prize–winning novelist Viet Thanh Nguyen calls “a book to break your heart and heal it,” The Best We Could Do brings to life Thi Bui’s journey of understanding, and provides inspiration to all of those who search for a better future while longing for a simpler past.",
"title":"The Best We Could Do",


"ID":57
"title":"On Intelligence",
"description":"From the inventor of the PalmPilot comes a new and compelling theory of intelligence, brain function, and the future of intelligent machines Jeff Hawkins, the man who created the PalmPilot, Treo smart phone, and other handheld devices, has reshaped our relationship to computers. Now he stands ready to revolutionize both neuroscience and computing in one stroke, with a new understanding of intelligence itself. Hawkins develops a powerful theory of how the human brain works, explaining why computers are not intelligent and how, based on this new theory, we can finally build intelligent machines. The brain is not a computer, but a memory system that stores experiences in a way that reflects the true structure of the world, remembering sequences of events and their nested relationships and making predictions based on those memories. It is this memory-prediction system that forms the basis of intelligence, perception, creativity, and even consciousness. In an engaging style that will captivate audiences from the merely curious to the professional scientist, Hawkins shows how a clear understanding of how the brain works will make it possible for us to build intelligent machines, in silicon, that will exceed our human ability in surprising ways. Written with acclaimed science writer Sandra Blakeslee, On Intelligence promises to completely transfigure the possibilities of the technology age. It is a landmark book in its scope and clarity.",


"ID":58
"title":"Standing Upright",
"description":"Do you feel the hair on the back of your neck start to stand every time you hear of or see someone trying to pull off an injustice? Are you the person who has to be the one to stand up for the defenseless? Has this determination sometimes led to more trouble than blessing in your life? Do you know it's the right thing to do but also know you could do a better job of it? If you answered yes to these questions, then Sandy Malcom's book is for you. You've had this instinct all of your life, but as you've matured you know you could be putting this trait in your personality to better use. Standing Upright is a book that will offer you a new perspective and encouragement to polish this characteristic into something everyone finds useful. It will instruct you to refine your gift into something others will rely on. If you're the one that's called to stand up, then you must stand up right.",


"ID":59
"description":"Our most commonly held formula for success is broken. Conventional wisdom holds that if we work hard we will be more successful, and if we are more successful, then we’ll be happy. If we can just find that great job, win that next promotion, lose those five pounds, happiness will follow. But recent discoveries in the field of positive psychology have shown that this formula is actually backward: Happiness fuels success, not the other way around. When we are positive, our brains become more engaged, creative, motivated, energetic, resilient, and productive at work. This isn’t just an empty mantra. This discovery has been repeatedly borne out by rigorous research in psychology and neuroscience, management studies, and the bottom lines of organizations around the globe. In The Happiness Advantage, Shawn Achor, who spent over a decade living, researching, and lecturing at Harvard University, draws on his own research—including one of the largest studies of happiness and potential at Harvard and others at companies like UBS and KPMG—to fix this broken formula. Using stories and case studies from his work with thousands of Fortune 500 executives in 42 countries, Achor explains how we can reprogram our brains to become more positive in order to gain a competitive edge at work. Isolating seven practical, actionable principles that have been tried and tested everywhere from classrooms to boardrooms, stretching from Argentina to Zimbabwe, he shows us how we can capitalize on the Happiness Advantage to improve our performance and maximize our potential. Among the principles he outlines: • The Tetris Effect: how to retrain our brains to spot patterns of possibility, so we can see—and seize—opportunities wherever we look. • The Zorro Circle: how to channel our efforts on small, manageable goals, to gain the leverage to gradually conquer bigger and bigger ones. • Social Investment: how to reap the dividends of investing in one of the greatest predictors of success and happiness—our social support network A must-read for everyone trying to excel in a world of increasing workloads, stress, and negativity, The Happiness Advantage isn’t only about how to become happier at work. It’s about how to reap the benefits of a happier and more positive mind-set to achieve the extraordinary in our work and in our lives.",
"title":"The Happiness Advantage",


"ID":60
"title":"The Ugly Duckling",
"description":"Thirty of Hans Christian Andersen's most cherished stories in single volumes Illustrator various artists. Known all over the world, these fairytales hold stories of great value and are a source of inspiration for both young and old.",


"ID":61
"description":"Imagine a world in which the excess energy from one business would be used to heat another. Where buildings need less and less energy around the world, and where “regenerative” commercial buildings – ones that create more energy than they use – are being designed. A world in which environmentally sound products and processes would be more cost-effective than wasteful ones. A world in which corporations such as Costco, Nike, BP, and countless others are forming partnerships with environmental and social justice organizations to ensure better stewardship of the earth and better livelihoods in the developing world. Now, stop imagining – that world is already emerging. A revolution is underway in today’s organizations. As Peter Senge and his co-authors reveal in The Necessary Revolution, companies around the world are boldly leading the change from dead-end “business as usual” tactics to transformative strategies that are essential for creating a flourishing, sustainable world. There is a long way to go, but the era of denial has ended. Today’s most innovative leaders are recognizing that for the sake of our companies and our world, we must implement revolutionary—not just incremental—changes in the way we live and work. Brimming with inspiring stories from individuals and organizations tackling social and environmental problems around the globe, THE NECESSARY REVOLUTION reveals how ordinary people at every level are transforming their businesses and communities. By working collaboratively across boundaries, they are exploring and putting into place unprecedented solutions that move beyond just being “less bad” to creating pathways that will enable us to flourish in an increasingly interdependent world. Among the stories in these pages are the evolution of Sweden’s “Green Zone,” Alcoa’s water use reduction goals, GE’s ecoimagination initiative, and Seventh Generation’s decision to shift some of their advertising to youth-led social change programs. At its heart, THE NECESSARY REVOLUTION contains a wealth of strategies that individuals and organizations can use — specific tools and ways of thinking — to help us build the confidence and competence to respond effectively to the greatest challenge of our time. It is an essential guidebook for all of us who recognize the need to act and work together—now—to create a sustainable world, both for ourselves and for the generations to follow.",
"title":"The Necessary Revolution",


"ID":62
"title":"ACSM's Guidelines for Exercise Testing and Prescription",
"description":"The flagship title of the certification suite from the American College of Sports Medicine, ACSM's Guidelines for Exercise Testing and Prescription is a handbook that delivers scientifically based standards on exercise testing and prescription to the certification candidate, the professional, and the student. The 9th edition focuses on evidence-based recommendations that reflect the latest research and clinical information. This manual is an essential resource for any health/fitness and clinical exercise professional, physician, nurse, physician assistant, physical and occupational therapist, dietician, and health care administrator. This manual give succinct summaries of recommended procedures for exercise testing and exercise prescription in healthy and diseased patients.",


"ID":63
"title":"Communities of Practice",
"description":"This book presents a theory of learning that starts with the assumption that engagement in social practice is the fundamental process by which we get to know what we know and by which we become who we are. The primary unit of analysis of this process is neither the individual nor social institutions, but the informal 'communities of practice' that people form as they pursue shared enterprises over time. To give a social account of learning, the theory explores in a systematic way the intersection of issues of community, social practice, meaning, and identity. The result is a broad framework for thinking about learning as a process of social participation. This ambitious but thoroughly accessible framework has relevance for the practitioner as well as the theoretician, presented with all the breadth, depth, and rigor necessary to address such a complex and yet profoundly human topic.",


"ID":64
"title":"5 Ingredients - Quick & Easy Food",
"description":"Jamie's brand-new cookbook is HERE. Featuring simple, delicious recipes from the new CHANNEL 4 series - Quick and Easy Food - kicking off on Monday nights at eight o'clock, Jamie Oliver's 5 Ingredients is his most straightforward book yet. Using five ingredients, cleverly combined, you'll conjure up THE most exciting food . . . from this week's episode snappy sesame seared tuna with an Asian twist - blushing in the middle and slathered in savoury, salty Japanese miso paste, a golden layer of sesame seeds on fresh crunchy spring onions and sugar snap peas. Messy meatball buns - finger lickin' family food that's fast and loaded with flavour: super-soft buns filled with minced beef balls in green pesto, molten, melty buffalo mozzarella and juicy plum tomatoes. Jamie's naughty but nifty and irresistibly gooey, chocolate rye cookies - chunky dark chocolate, rye bread, free-range eggs and golden caster sugar for home baking at speed AND to finish, the ultimate comfort food classic, a hearty, crazy quick chicken pot pie - free-range chicken thighs, mixed mushrooms, sweet caramelised onions, fresh thyme and buttery puff pastry . . . Beautiful. ________ It's all about making the journey to good food, super-simple. Every recipe uses just five key ingredients, ensuring you can get a plate of food together fast, whether it's finished and on the table super-quickly, or after minimal hands-on prep, you've let the oven do the hard work for you. We're talking quality over quantity, a little diligence on the cooking front, and in return massive flavour. Each recipe has been tried and tested (and tested again!) to ensure the book is packed with no-fuss, budget-friendly dishes that you can rustle up, any day of the week. With over 130 recipes, and chapters on Chicken, Beef, Pork, Lamb, Fish, Eggs, Veg, Salads, Pasta, Rice and Noodles and Sweet Things, there's plenty of quick and easy recipe inspiration to choose from. How about . . . Pomegrante jewels, fresh mint and feta tossed into a Carrot and grain salad. Roast tikka chicken - whole chicken flavoured in tikka paste, roasted with crispy potatoes, golden cauliflower and coriander, finished with a deliciously sumptuous AND impressive Honey berry filo smash topped with coconut yoghurt and pistachios. All ready to tuck into in less than 30-minutes. With every recipe you'll find a visual ingredient guide, serving size, timings, a short, easy-to-follow method, and quick-reference nutritional information. Jamie's new cookbook takes the stress out of mealtimes and will inspire cooks and non-cooks alike with beautiful, crazily simple ideas . . .",


"ID":65
"title":"Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls",
"description":"THE SENSATIONAL NO.1 BESTSELLER 'The real-life children's fairy tale book so inspiring adults are reading it' I newspaper 'Absolutely beautiful - get one for yourself and one to inspire a woman in your life' Stylist 'In an ideal world, not only would mothers read this aloud to their daughters, but teachers would read it to schoolboys' Sunday Times What if the princess didn't marry Prince Charming but instead went on to be an astronaut? What if the jealous step sisters were supportive and kind? And what if the queen was the one really in charge of the kingdom? Illustrated by sixty female artists from every corner of the globe, Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls introduces us to one hundred remarkable women and their extraordinary lives, from Ada Lovelace to Malala, Amelia Earhart to Michelle Obama. Empowering, moving and inspirational, these are true fairy tales for heroines who definitely don't need rescuing.",


"ID":66
"description":"Fifty years ago, in 1984, George Orwell imagined a future in which privacy was demolished by a totalitarian state that used spies, video surveillance, historical revisionism, and control over the media to maintain its power. Those who worry about personal privacy and identity--especially in this day of technologies that encroach upon these rights--still use Orwell's \"Big Brother\" language to discuss privacy issues. But the reality is that the age of a monolithic Big Brother is over. And yet the threats are perhaps even more likely to destroy the rights we've assumed were ours.Database Nation: The Death of Privacy in the 21st Century shows how, in these early years of the 21st century, advances in technology endanger our privacy in ways never before imagined. Direct marketers and retailers track our every purchase; surveillance cameras observe our movements; mobile phones will soon report our location to those who want to track us; government eavesdroppers listen in on private communications; misused medical records turn our bodies and our histories against us; and linked databases assemble detailed consumer profiles used to predict and influence our behavior. Privacy--the most basic of our civil rights--is in grave peril.Simson Garfinkel--journalist, entrepreneur, and international authority on computer security--has devoted his career to testing new technologies and warning about their implications. This newly revised update of the popular hardcover edition of Database Nation is his compelling account of how invasive technologies will affect our lives in the coming years. It's a timely, far-reaching, entertaining, and thought-provoking look at the serious threats to privacy facing us today. The book poses a disturbing question: how can we protect our basic rights to privacy, identity, and autonomy when technology is making invasion and control easier than ever before?Garfinkel's captivating blend of journalism, storytelling, and futurism is a call to arms. It will frighten, entertain, and ultimately convince us that we must take action now to protect our privacy and identity before it's too late.",
"title":"Database Nation",


"ID":67
"title":"Quantum Noise",
"description":"This title is included in the Springer Complexity programme.",


"ID":68
"description":"The #1 New York Times bestselling sequel to Words of Radiance, from epic fantasy author Brandon Sanderson at the top of his game. In Oathbringer, the third volume of the New York Times bestselling Stormlight Archive, humanity faces a new Desolation with the return of the Voidbringers, a foe with numbers as great as their thirst for vengeance. Dalinar Kholin’s Alethi armies won a fleeting victory at a terrible cost: The enemy Parshendi summoned the violent Everstorm, which now sweeps the world with destruction, and in its passing awakens the once peaceful and subservient parshmen to the horror of their millennia-long enslavement by humans. While on a desperate flight to warn his family of the threat, Kaladin Stormblessed must come to grips with the fact that the newly kindled anger of the parshmen may be wholly justified. Nestled in the mountains high above the storms, in the tower city of Urithiru, Shallan Davar investigates the wonders of the ancient stronghold of the Knights Radiant and unearths dark secrets lurking in its depths. And Dalinar realizes that his holy mission to unite his homeland of Alethkar was too narrow in scope. Unless all the nations of Roshar can put aside Dalinar’s blood-soaked past and stand together—and unless Dalinar himself can confront that past—even the restoration of the Knights Radiant will not prevent the end of civilization. Other Tor books by Brandon Sanderson The Cosmere The Stormlight Archive The Way of Kings Words of Radiance Edgedancer (Novella) Oathbringer The Mistborn trilogy Mistborn: The Final Empire The Well of Ascension The Hero of Ages Mistborn: The Wax and Wayne series Alloy of Law Shadows of Self Bands of Mourning Collection Arcanum Unbounded Other Cosmere novels Elantris Warbreaker The Alcatraz vs. the Evil Librarians series Alcatraz vs. the Evil Librarians The Scrivener's Bones The Knights of Crystallia The Shattered Lens The Dark Talent The Rithmatist series The Rithmatist Other books by Brandon Sanderson The Reckoners Steelheart Firefight Calamity At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software (DRM) applied.",
"title":"Oathbringer",


"ID":69
"title":"Administrative Behavior, 4th Edition",
"description":"In this fourth edition of his ground-breaking work, Herbert A. Simon applies his pioneering theory of human choice and administrative decision-making to concrete organizational problems. To commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the book's original publication, Professor Simon enhances his timeless observations on the human decision-making process with commentaries examining new facets of organizational behavior. Investigating the impact of changing social values and modem technology on the operation of organizations, the new ideas featured in this revised edition update a book that has become a worldwide classic. Named by Public Administration Review as \"Book of the Half Century,\" Administrative Behavior is considered one of the most influential books on social science thinking, and was referred to by the Nobel Committee as \"epoch-making.\" Written for managers and other professionals who wish to understand the decision-making processes at the heart of organization and management, it is also essential reading for students in business and management, economics, sociology, psychology computer science, government, and law.",


"ID":70
"title":"The View From Nowhere",
"description":"Discusses the mind-body problem, knowledge, personal identity, free will, ethics, death, reality, values, and the meaning of life.",


"ID":71
"description":"The Oxford History of the United States is by far the most respected multi-volume history of our nation. In this Pulitzer prize-winning, critically acclaimed addition to the series, historian Daniel Walker Howe illuminates the period from the battle of New Orleans to the end of the Mexican-American War, an era when the United States expanded to the Pacific and won control over the richest part of the North American continent. A panoramic narrative, What Hath God Wrought portrays revolutionary improvements in transportation and communications that accelerated the extension of the American empire. Railroads, canals, newspapers, and the telegraph dramatically lowered travel times and spurred the spread of information. These innovations prompted the emergence of mass political parties and stimulated America's economic development from an overwhelmingly rural country to a diversified economy in which commerce and industry took their place alongside agriculture. In his story, the author weaves together political and military events with social, economic, and cultural history. Howe examines the rise of Andrew Jackson and his Democratic party, but contends that John Quincy Adams and other Whigs--advocates of public education and economic integration, defenders of the rights of Indians, women, and African-Americans--were the true prophets of America's future. In addition, Howe reveals the power of religion to shape many aspects of American life during this period, including slavery and antislavery, women's rights and other reform movements, politics, education, and literature. Howe's story of American expansion culminates in the bitterly controversial but brilliantly executed war waged against Mexico to gain California and Texas for the United States. Winner of the New-York Historical Society American History Book Prize Finalist, 2007 National Book Critics Circle Award for Nonfiction The Oxford History of the United States The Oxford History of the United States is the most respected multi-volume history of our nation. The series includes three Pulitzer Prize winners, a New York Times bestseller, and winners of the Bancroft and Parkman Prizes. The Atlantic Monthly has praised it as \"the most distinguished series in American historical scholarship,\" a series that \"synthesizes a generation's worth of historical inquiry and knowledge into one literally state-of-the-art book.\" Conceived under the general editorship of C. Vann Woodward and Richard Hofstadter, and now under the editorship of David M. Kennedy, this renowned series blends social, political, economic, cultural, diplomatic, and military history into coherent and vividly written narrative.",
"title":"What Hath God Wrought",


"ID":72
"title":"Lasers",
"description":"An introductory text on laser physics features an emphasis on basic laser principles and theory, without requiring a quantum mechanical background.",


"ID":73
"title":"Analisis dan Perancangan Sistem Informasi Menggunakan Model Terstruktur dan UML",
"description":"Buku ini menjelaskan cara membangun sistem berbasis teknologi dengan menggunakan dua metode pengembangan, yaitu metode terstruktur dan metode UML. Buku ini terbagi ke dalam lima bagian penting, di antara sembilan bab yang ada. Bagian pertama, Pendahuluan, bertujuan memberikan ilustrasi pentingnya sistem berbasis komputer untuk keunggulan bersaing. Bagian kedua, Analisis, menguraikan definisi analisis dan teknik-teknik melakukan analisis sistem. Bagian ketiga, Perancangan Model Terstruktur, menjelaskan tentang apa saja yang harus dilakukan dan disusun pada tahap perancangan mengunakan model terstruktur. Bagian keempat, Perancangan Menggunakan Unified Modelling Language (UML) merupakan elemen pada model – model yang kita buat berhubungan satu dengan lainnya. UML bukan sekadar diagram, tetapi juga menceritakan konteksnya. Bagian terakhir, Pemeliharaan, berisi cara melakukan pemeliharaan dan pengembangan sistem.",


"ID":74
"title":"Pagans in the Promised Land",
"description":"An analysis of how religious bias shaped U.S. federal Indian law.",


"ID":75
"description":"The incredible debut book from YouTube phenomenon Lilly Singh. Available for pre-order now. From actress, comedian and YouTube sensation Lilly Singh (aka Superwoman) comes the definitive guide to being a BAWSE - a person who exudes confidence, reaches goals, gets hurt efficiently, and smiles genuinely because they've fought through it all and made it out the other side. Told in her hilarious, bold voice that's inspired over 9 million fans, and using stories from her own life to illustrate her message, Lilly proves that there are no shortcuts to success. WARNING: This book does NOT include hopeful thoughts, lucky charms, and cute quotes. That's because success, happiness and everything else you want in life needs to be fought for - not wished for. In Lilly's world, there are no escalators. Only stairs.",
"title":"How to Be a Bawse",


"ID":76
"title":"Applied Geophysics",
"description":"This is the revised and updated version of an established textbook. It describes the physical methods involved in exploration for hydrocarbons and minerals. These tools include gravity, magnetic, seismic, electrical, electromagnetic, and radioactivity studies.",


"ID":77
"title":"Econometrics",
"description":"Hayashi's Econometrics promises to be the next great synthesis of modern econometrics. It introduces first year Ph.D. students to standard graduate econometrics material from a modern perspective. It covers all the standard material necessary for understanding the principal techniques of econometrics from ordinary least squares through cointegration. The book is also distinctive in developing both time-series and cross-section analysis fully, giving the reader a unified framework for understanding and integrating results. Econometrics has many useful features and covers all the important topics in econometrics in a succinct manner. All the estimation techniques that could possibly be taught in a first-year graduate course, except maximum likelihood, are treated as special cases of GMM (generalized methods of moments). Maximum likelihood estimators for a variety of models (such as probit and tobit) are collected in a separate chapter. This arrangement enables students to learn various estimation techniques in an efficient manner. Eight of the ten chapters include a serious empirical application drawn from labor economics, industrial organization, domestic and international finance, and macroeconomics. These empirical exercises at the end of each chapter provide students a hands-on experience applying the techniques covered in the chapter. The exposition is rigorous yet accessible to students who have a working knowledge of very basic linear algebra and probability theory. All the results are stated as propositions, so that students can see the points of the discussion and also the conditions under which those results hold. Most propositions are proved in the text. For those who intend to write a thesis on applied topics, the empirical applications of the book are a good way to learn how to conduct empirical research. For the theoretically inclined, the no-compromise treatment of the basic techniques is a good preparation for more advanced theory courses.",


"ID":78
"description":"In this self-portrait by an American genius, Kurt Vonnegut writes with beguiling wit and poignant wisdom about his favorite comedians, country music, a dead friend, a dead marriage, and various cockamamie aspects of his all-too-human journey through life. This is a work that resonates with Vonnegut’s singular voice: the magic sound of a born storyteller mesmerizing us with truth. From the Trade Paperback edition.",
"title":"Palm Sunday",


"ID":79
"title":"Tell Me a Riddle",
"description":"This collection of four stories, \"I Stand Here Ironing,\" \"Hey Sailor, what Ship?,\" \"O Yes,\" and \"Tell me a Riddle,\" had become an American classic. Since the title novella won the O. Henry Award in 1961, the stories have been anthologized over a hundred times, made into three films, translated into thirteen languages, and - most important - once read, they abide in the hearts of their readers.",


"ID":80
"title":"The Cuckoo's Egg",
"description":"The first true account of computer espionage tells of a year-long single-handed hunt for a computer thief who sold information from American computer files to Soviet intelligence agents",


"ID":81
"title":"Sources of the Self",
"description":"Charles Taylor's latest book sets out to define the modern identity by tracing its genesis.",


"ID":82
"title":"Bitcoin For Dummies",
"description":"\"Learn to understand the ins and outs of the Bitcoin market, set up your Bitcoin wallet and get started, [and] protect yourself against fraud and theft\"--Cover.",


"ID":83
"description":"Ray Bradbury’s internationally acclaimed novel Fahrenheit 451 is a masterwork of twentieth-century literature set in a bleak, dystopian future. Ray Bradbury’s internationally acclaimed novel Fahrenheit 451 is a masterwork of twentieth-century literature set in a bleak, dystopian future. Guy Montag is a fireman. In his world, where television rules and literature is on the brink of extinction, firemen start fires rather than put them out. His job is to destroy the most illegal of commodities, the printed book, along with the houses in which they are hidden. Montag never questions the destruction and ruin his actions produce, returning each day to his bland life and wife, Mildred, who spends all day with her television “family.” But then he meets an eccentric young neighbor, Clarisse, who introduces him to a past where people didn’t live in fear and to a present where one sees the world through the ideas in books instead of the mindless chatter of television. When Mildred attempts suicide and Clarisse suddenly disappears, Montag begins to question everything he has ever known. He starts hiding books in his home, and when his pilfering is discovered, the fireman has to run for his life.",
"title":"Fahrenheit 451",


"ID":84
"description":"What have the invention of the wheel, Pompeii, the Wall Street Crash, Harry Potter and the internet got in common? Why are all forecasters con-artists? What can Catherine the Great's lovers tell us about probability? Why should you never run for a train or read a newspaper? This book is all about Black Swans: the random events that underlie our lives, from bestsellers to world disasters. Their impact is huge; they're impossible to predict; yet after they happen we always try to rationalize them. A rallying cry to ignore the 'experts', The Black Swan shows us how to stop trying to predict everything - and take advantage of uncertainty.",
"title":"The Black Swan",


"ID":85
"title":"Axiomatic Geometry",
"description":"The story of geometry is the story of mathematics itself: Euclidean geometry was the first branch of mathematics to be systematically studied and placed on a firm logical foundation, and it is the prototype for the axiomatic method that lies at the foundation of modern mathematics. It has been taught to students for more than two millennia as a mode of logical thought. This book tells the story of how the axiomatic method has progressed from Euclid's time to ours, as a way of understanding what mathematics is, how we read and evaluate mathematical arguments, and why mathematics has achieved the level of certainty it has. It is designed primarily for advanced undergraduates who plan to teach secondary school geometry, but it should also provide something of interest to anyone who wishes to understand geometry and the axiomatic method better. It introduces a modern, rigorous, axiomatic treatment of Euclidean and (to a lesser extent) non-Euclidean geometries, offering students ample opportunities to practice reading and writing proofs while at the same time developing most of the concrete geometric relationships that secondary teachers will need to know in the classroom. -- P. [4] of cover.",


"ID":86
"title":"Handbook of Mathematical Functions",
"description":"An extensive summary of mathematical functions that occur in physical and engineering problems",


"ID":87
"title":"APC Learning Mathematics - Class 8 (CBSE) - Avichal Publishing Company",
"description":"Learning Mathematics - Class 8 has been written by Prof. M.L. Aggarwal in accordance with the latest syllabus of the NCERT and Guidelines issued by the CBSE on Comprehensive and Continuous Evaluation (CCE). The subject matter has been explained in a simple language and includes many examples from real life situations. Questions in the form of Fill in the Blanks, True/False statements and Multiple Choice Questions have been given under the heading ‘Mental Maths’. Some Value Based Questions have also been included to impart values among students. In addition to normal questions, some Higher Order Thinking Skills (HOTS) questions have been given to enhance the analytical thinking of the students. Each chapter is followed by a Summary which recapitulates the new terms, concepts and results.",


"ID":88
"title":"Smile",
"description":"Raina Telgemeier's #1 New York Times bestselling, Eisner Award-winning graphic memoir based on her childhood! Raina just wants to be a normal sixth grader. But one night after Girl Scouts she trips and falls, severely injuring her two front teeth. What follows is a long and frustrating journey with on-again, off-again braces, surgery, embarrassing headgear, and even a retainer with fake teeth attached. And on top of all that, there's still more to deal with: a major earthquake, boy confusion, and friends who turn out to be not so friendly.",


"ID":89
"title":"Feel the Fear and Do it Anyway",
"description":"Is there something holding you back from becoming the person you want to be? Fear is all around us, from having a tricky talk with your boss to facing up to a problem at home. Everyone has worries and fears that can stop them progressing and reaching for the things that they really want in life. The simple, life-changing exercises in Feel the Fear & do it anyway will teach you how to turn anger into love and uncertainty into action.",


"ID":90
"description":"Popular in its first edition for its rich, illustrative examples and lucid explanations of the theory and use of hierarchical linear models (HLM), the book has been updated to include: an intuitive introductory summary of the basic procedures for estimation and inference used with HLM models that only requires a minimal level of mathematical sophistication; a new section on multivariate growth models; a discussion of research synthesis or meta-analysis applications; aata analytic advice on centering of level-1 predictors, and new material on plausible value intervals and robust standard estimators.",
"title":"Hierarchical Linear Models",


"ID":91
"title":"The Political Unconscious",
"description":"Fredric Jameson, in The Political Unconscious, opposes the view that literary creation can take place in isolation from its political context. He asserts the priority of the political interpretation of literary texts, claiming it to be at the center of all reading and understanding, not just a supplement or auxiliary to other methods current today. Jameson supports his thesis by looking closely at the nature of interpretation. Our understanding, he says, is colored by the concepts and categories that we inherit from our culture's interpretive tradition and that we use to comprehend what we read. How then can the literature of other ages be understood by readers from a present that is culturally so different from the past? Marxism lies at the foundation of Jameson's answer, because it conceives of history as a single collective narrative that links past and present; Marxist literary criticism reveals the unity of that uninterrupted narrative. Jameson applies his interpretive theory to nineteenth- and twentieth-century texts, including the works of Balzac, Gissing, and Conrad. Throughout, he considers other interpretive approaches to the works he discusses, assessing the importance and limitations of methods as different as Lacanian psychoanalysis, semiotics, dialectical analysis, and allegorical readings. The book as a whole raises directly issues that have been only implicit in Jameson's earlier work, namely the relationship between dialectics and structuralism, and the tension between the German and the French aesthetic traditions. The Political Unconscious is a masterly introduction to both the method and the practice of Marxist criticism. Defining a mode of criticism and applying it successfully to individual works, it bridges the gap between theoretical speculation and textual analysis.",


"ID":92
"title":"The American Disease",
"description":"The American Disease is a classic study of the development of drug laws in the United States. Supporting the theory that Americans' attitudes toward drugs have followed a cyclic pattern of tolerance and restraint, author David F. Musto examines the relationz between public outcry and the creation of prohibitive drug laws from the end of the Civil War up to the present. Originally published in 1973, and then in an expanded edition in 1987, this third edition contains a new chapter and preface that both address the renewed debate on policy and drug legislation from the end of the Reagan administration to the current Clinton administration. Here, Musto thoroughly investigates how our nation has dealt with such issues as the controversies over prevention programs and mandatory minimum sentencing, the catastrophe of the crack epidemic, the fear of a heroin revival, and the continued debate over the legalization of marijuana.",


"ID":93
"title":"Exit, Voice, and Loyalty",
"description":"An innovator in contemporary thought on economic and political development looks here at decline rather than growth. Albert O. Hirschman makes a basic distinction between alternative ways of reacting to deterioration in business firms and, in general, to dissatisfaction with organizations: one, “exit,” is for the member to quit the organization or for the customer to switch to the competing product, and the other, “voice,” is for members or customers to agitate and exert influence for change “from within.” The efficiency of the competitive mechanism, with its total reliance on exit, is questioned for certain important situations. As exit often undercuts voice while being unable to counteract decline, loyalty is seen in the function of retarding exit and of permitting voice to play its proper role. The interplay of the three concepts turns out to illuminate a wide range of economic, social, and political phenomena. As the author states in the preface, “having found my own unifying way of looking at issues as diverse as competition and the two-party system, divorce and the American character, black power and the failure of 'unhappy' top officials to resign over Vietnam, I decided to let myself go a little.”",


"ID":94
"title":"Politics",
"description":"Its lively, engaging style and authoritative and comprehensive coverage have made this highly successful text the first choice introduction to politics for students and instructors alike. The fourth edition has been has been systematically revised and updated to cover key developments such as the global economic crisis and the Arab Spring. The book also has a new more integrated chapter structure which makes it easier for students to see how different topics interrelate and takes better account of the increasing interdependence between domestic and world events. With an attractive new full-colour page design, each chapter includes a range of innovative features and boxed information to aid learning and stimulate critical reflection: - Full-page Politics in Action boxes examine major political events from around the world and reflect on their significance for political science. - Debating boxes introduce the key controversies within politics and highlight arguments both for and against a particular proposition. - Illustrated Key Thinker profiles give detail about important figures and their ideas - Concept boxes offer a fuller discussion of important political terms and concepts, particularly those with complex or contested meanings",


"ID":95
"title":"The Three Musketeers",
"description":"Swashbuckling novel of D'Artagnan and his three friends — Athos, Porthos and Aramis — three musketeers in the service of King Louis XIII.",


"ID":96
"title":"Esperanza Rising",
"description":"Esperanza and her mother are forced to leave their life of wealth and privilege in Mexico to go work in the labor camps of Southern California, where they must adapt to the harsh circumstances facing Mexican farm workers on the eve of the Great Depression. Jr Lib Guild. Reprint.",


"ID":97
"title":"Social Constructionism",
"description":"Using a variety of examples from everyday experience & from existing research in areas such as personality, sexuality & health, the basic theoretical assumptions of social constructionism are explained. The text maintains a critical approach but is broadly sympathetic to social constructionism.",


"ID":98
"title":"Solar Sailing",
"description":"Solar sailing offers the possibility of low-cost long-distance missions, impossible for any other type of conventional spacecraft. The book provides a detailed account of solar sailing, at a high technical level but in a way accessible to the scientifically informed layman. Solar sail orbital dynamics and solar radiation pressure form the foundations of the book, but the engineering design of solar sails is also considered, along with potential mission applications. This book introduces the subject and at the same time provides a technical reference source.",


"ID":99
"title":"Wings of Fire",
"description":"Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam, The Son Of A Little-Educated Boat-Owner In Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu, Had An Unparalled Career As A Defence Scientist, Culminating In The Highest Civilian Award Of India, The Bharat Ratna. As Chief Of The Country`S Defence Research And Development Programme, Kalam Demonstrated The Great Potential For Dynamism And Innovation That Existed In Seemingly Moribund Research Establishments. This Is The Story Of Kalam`S Rise From Obscurity And His Personal And Professional Struggles, As Well As The Story Of Agni, Prithvi, Akash, Trishul And Nag--Missiles That Have Become Household Names In India And That Have Raised The Nation To The Level Of A Missile Power Of International Reckoning.",


"ID":100
"title":"The Craft of Research, Third Edition",
"description":"With more than 400,000 copies now in print, The Craft of Research is the unrivaled resource for researchers at every level, from first-year undergraduates to research reporters at corporations and government offices. Seasoned researchers and educators Gregory G. Colomb and Joseph M. Williams present an updated third edition of their classic handbook, whose first and second editions were written in collaboration with the late Wayne C. Booth. The Craft of Research explains how to build an argument that motivates readers to accept a claim; how to anticipate the reservations of readers and to respond to them appropriately; and how to create introductions and conclusions that answer that most demanding question, “So what?” The third edition includes an expanded discussion of the essential early stages of a research task: planning and drafting a paper. The authors have revised and fully updated their section on electronic research, emphasizing the need to distinguish between trustworthy sources (such as those found in libraries) and less reliable sources found with a quick Web search. A chapter on warrants has also been thoroughly reviewed to make this difficult subject easier for researchers Throughout, the authors have preserved the amiable tone, the reliable voice, and the sense of directness that have made this book indispensable for anyone undertaking a research project.",


"ID":101
"title":"Task-based Language Learning and Teaching",
"description":"This book explores the relationship between research, teaching, and tasks, and seeks to clarify the issues raised by recent work in this field. The book shows how research and task-based teaching can mutually inform each other and illuminate the areas of task-based course design, methodology, and assessment. The author brings an accessible style and broad scope to an area of contemporary importance to both SLA and language pedagogy.",


"ID":102
"title":"How the Mind Works",
"description":"“A model of scientific writing: erudite, witty, and clear.” —New York Review of Books In this Pulitzer Prize finalist and national bestseller, one of the world's leading cognitive scientists tackles the workings of the human mind. What makes us rational—and why are we so often irrational? How do we see in three dimensions? What makes us happy, afraid, angry, disgusted, or sexually aroused? Why do we fall in love? And how do we grapple with the imponderables of morality, religion, and consciousness? ?How the Mind Works? synthesizes the most satisfying explanations of our mental life from cognitive science, evolutionary biology, and other fields to explain what the mind is, how it evolved, and how it allows us to see, think, feel, laugh, interact, enjoy the arts, and contemplate the mysteries of life. This new edition of Pinker's bold and buoyant classic is updated with a new foreword by the author.",


"ID":103
"title":"Media/cultural Studies",
"description":"This anthology is designed to assist teachers and students in learning how to better understand and interpret our common culture and everyday life. With a focus on contemporary media, consumer, and digital culture, this book combines classic and original writings by both leading and rising scholars in the field. The chapters present key theories, concepts, and methodologies of critical cultural and media studies, as well as cutting-edge research into new media. Sections on teaching media/cultural studies and concrete case studies provide practical examples that illuminate contemporary culture, ranging from new forms of digital media and consumer culture to artifacts from TV and film, including Barbie and Big Macs, soap operas, Talk TV, Facebook, and YouTube. The lively articles show that media/cultural studies is an exciting and relevant arena, and this text should enable students and citizens to become informed readers and critics of their culture and society.",


"ID":104
"title":"On Crimes and Punishments",
"description":"Cesare Beccaria’s influential Treatise on Crimes and Punishments is considered a foundational work in the field of criminology. Three major themes of the Enlightenment run through the Treatise: the idea that the social contract forms the moral and political basis of the work’s reformist zeal; the idea that science supports a dispassionate and reasoned appeal for reforms; and the belief that progress is inextricably bound to science. All three provide the foundation for accepting Beccaria’s proposals. It is virtually impossible to ascertain which of several versions of the Treatise that appeared during his lifetime best reflected Beccaria’s thoughts. His use of many Enlightenment ideas also makes it difficult to interpret what he has written. While Enlightenment thinkers advocated free men and free minds, there was considerable disagreement as to how this might be achieved, except in the most general terms. The editors have based this translation on the 1984 Francioni text, the most exhaustive critical Italian edition of Dei delitti e delle pene. This edition is the last that Beccaria personally oversaw and revised. This translation includes an outstanding opening essay by the editors and is a welcome introduction to Beccaria and the beginnings of criminology.",


"ID":105
"title":"Oriental Philosophy",
"description":"This insightful explication of oriental philosophy meets a long felt need for a critical introduction to four systems of eastern thought--Confucianism, Taoism, Buddhism, and Hinduism--presented in familiar western terms. Students of comparative religion, eastern philosophy and civilization, and the philosophy of religion who have been trained in traditional western modes of thought often find the intuitive and aphorisic quality of eastern writing a major stumbling block to understanding. This is eastern philosophy presented to westerners by a westerner, a practical and understandable guide for students and for others who wish to expand their understanding in this important area.",


"ID":106
"title":"Patterns of Culture",
"description":"Offers an analysis of three strongly contrasting primitive civilizations, showing how behavior is influenced by custom and tradition.",


"ID":107
"title":"Complete Prophecies of Nostradamus",
"description":"Who was Nostradamus, and what faith should we place in his predictions? This book gives objective answers. It reveals that Michel de Nostredame, a 16th-century French doctor, was more Renaissance man than arcane magician - and that his prognostications can be compellingly astute. In this edition all of the cryptic short verses of Nostradamus's Centuries appear in the original French, with new translations. Uncanny prophecies such as those of the French Revolution and the rise of Hitler are examined in detail. Here too are interpretations of the many verses believed to augur future events.Editor Ned Halley works in fields of journalism as diverse as medicine, wine and business. He takes a Plain English approach to 'a subject far too often wreathed in language that seems calculated to obscure, rather than to demonstrate, the truth'.",


"ID":108
"title":"Redistribution Or Recognition?",
"description":"'Recognition' has become a keyword of our time, but its relation to economic 'redistribution' remains unclear. This volume stages a debate between two philosophers, one North American, the other German, who hold different views of the relation of redistribution to recognition. Axel Honneth conceives recognition as the fundamental, over-arching moral category, potentially encompassing redistribution, while Nancy Fraser argues that the two categories are both fundamental and mutually irreducible. In alternating chapters the authors respond to each other's criticisms, and offer a lively dialogue on identity politics, capitalism and social justice. The volume is a dramatic riposte to those who proclaim the death of 'grand theory.'",


"ID":109
"title":"The Magic Of Thinking Big",
"description":"Millions of people throughout the world have improved their lives using The Magic of Thinking Big. Dr. David J. Schwartz, long regarded as one of the foremost experts on motivation, will help you sell better, manage better, earn more money, and -- most important of all -- find greater happiness and peace of mind. The Magic of Thinking Big gives you useful methods, not empty promises. Dr. Schwartz presents a carefully designed program for getting the most out of your job, your marriage and family life, and your community. He proves that you don't need to be an intellectual or have innate talent to attain great success and satisfaction -- but you do need to learn and understand the habit of thinking and behaving in ways that will get you there. This book gives you those secrets!",


"ID":110
"title":"Let It Snow",
"description":"An ill-timed storm on Christmas Eve buries the residents of Gracetown under multiple feet of snow and causes quite a bit of chaos. One brave soul ventures out into the storm from her stranded train and sets off a chain of events that will change quite a few lives. Over the next three days one girl takes a risky shortcut with an adorable stranger, three friends set out to win a race to the Waffle House (and the hash brown spoils), and the fate of a teacup pig falls into the hands of a lovesick barista. A trio of today's bestselling authors - John Green, Maureen Johnson, and Lauren Myracle - brings all the magic of holidays to life in three hilarious and charming interconnected tales of love, romance, and kisses that will steal your breath away.",


"ID":111
"title":"Tao Te Ching",
"description":"Chinese classic by well known best selling author.",


"ID":112
"description":"Following the pioneering work of James Beane and Heidi Jacobs, there is now a growing interest in the area of integrative teaching. Contributors to this edited volume include K-12 principals and teachers as well as university professors recently involved in the implementation of integrative teaching.",
"title":"Curriculum Integration K-12",


"ID":113
"title":"Deception Point",
"description":"Heralded for masterfully intermingling science, history, and politics in his critically acclaimed thrillers The Da Vinci Code and Angels & Demons, New York Times bestselling author Dan Brown has crafted another pulse-pounding novel in which nothing is as it seems -- and behind every corner is a stunning surprise. A shocking scientific discovery. A conspiracy of staggering brilliance. A thriller unlike any you've ever read.... When a NASA satellite discovers an astonishingly rare object buried deep in the Arctic ice, the floundering space agency proclaims a much-needed victory -- a victory with profound implications for NASA policy and the impending presidential election. To verify the authenticity of the find, the White House calls upon the skills of intelligence analyst Rachel Sexton. Accompanied by a team of experts, including the charismatic scholar Michael Tolland, Rachel travels to the Arctic and uncovers the unthinkable: evidence of scientific trickery -- a bold deception that threatens to plunge the world into controversy. But before she can warn the President, Rachel and Michael are ambushed by a deadly team of assassins. Fleeing for their lives across a desolate and lethal landscape, their only hope for survival is to discover who is behind this masterful plot. The truth, they will learn, is the most shocking deception of all.",


"ID":114
"description":"\"Lele is a bulls-eye target at her new school in Miami until, overnight, her digital fame catapults the girl with cheerleader looks, a seriously silly personality, and a self-deprecating funny bone into the popular crowd. Now she's facing a whole new set of challenges--the relentless drama, the ruthless cliques, the unexpected internet celebrity--all while trying to keep her grades up and make her parents proud\"--",
"title":"Surviving High School",


"ID":115
"description":"Geert Hofstede has completely rewritten, revised and updated Culture's Consequences for the twenty-first century, he has broadened the book's cross-disciplinary appeal, expanded the coverage of countries examined from 40 to more than 50, reformulated his arguments and a large amount of new literature has been included. The book is structured around five major dimensions: power distance; uncertainty avoidance; individualism versus collectivism; masculinity versus femininity; and long term versus short-term orientation.",
"title":"Culture's Consequences",


"ID":116
"title":"Doubt",
"description":"Set in a Bronx Catholic school in 1964, a nun is faced with uncertainty as she has grave concerns about a male colleague.",


"ID":117
"title":"The Anti-politics Machine",
"description":"Development, it is generally assumed, is good and necessary, and in its name the West has intervened, implementing all manner of projects in the impoverished regions of the world. When these projects fail, as they do with astonishing regularity, they nonetheless produce a host of regular and unacknowledged effects, including the expansion of bureaucratic state power and the translation of the political realities of poverty and powerlessness into \"technical\" problems awaiting solution by \"development\" agencies and experts. It is the political intelligibility of these effects, along with the process that produces them, that this book seeks to illuminate through a detailed case study of the workings of the \"development\" industry in one country, Lesotho, and in one \"development\" project. Using an anthropological approach grounded in the work of Foucault, James Ferguson analyzes the institutional framework within which such projects are crafted and the nature of \"development discourse,\" revealing how it is that, despite all the \"expertise\" that goes into formulating development projects, they nonetheless often demonstrate a startling ignorance of the historical and political realities of the locale they are intended to help. In a close examination of the attempted implementation of the Thaba-Tseka project in Lesotho, Ferguson shows how such a misguided approach plays out, how, in fact, the \"development\" apparatus in Lesotho acts as an \"anti-politics machine,\" everywhere whisking political realities out of sight and all the while performing, almost unnoticed, its own pre-eminently political operation of strengthening the state presence in the local region.James Ferguson is an associate professor of anthropology at the University of California at Irvine.",


"ID":118
"title":"Gender and Emotion",
"description":"A fascinating exploration of the relationship between gender and emotion.",


"ID":119
"title":"The History of Anti-Semitism, Volume 1",
"description":"Covering the story of prejudice against Jews from the time of Christ through the rise of Nazi Germany, The History of Anti-Semitism presents in elegant and thoughtful language a balanced, careful assessment of this egregious human failing that is nearly ubiquitous in the history of Europe. From the Time of Christ to the Court Jews systematically traces the twists and turns of hatred against Jews as it developed from Roman times to the end of the eighteenth century. Chiefly the history of prejudice against the Ashkenazim, this volume demonstrates that organized anti-Semitism was unknown until the First Crusade, an event that marked the beginning of systematic genocide and mass expulsions in Europe. Jews were accused of countless crimes, from causing the Black Death to practicing ritual murder, and the author attempts throughout to reveal the sociological and psychological forces behind these irrational charges.",


"ID":120
"title":"The Race Between Education and Technology",
"description":"This book provides a careful historical analysis of the co-evolution of educational attainment and the wage structure in the United States through the twentieth century. During the first eight decades of the twentieth century, the increase of educated workers was higher than the demand for them. This boosted income for most people and lowered inequality. However, the reverse has been true since about 1980. The authors discuss the complex reasons for this educational slow-down and what might be done to ameliorate it.",


"ID":121
"title":"Let Me Play",
"description":"Explores the history, struggle, and passage of Title IX, the law that allowed girls the freedom to pursue sports of their choosing, and the effects this law has had on society since its inception, such as the increased enrollment of women in law schools and the development of one of the best soccer teams in the world today.",


"ID":122
"description":"This is the remarkable story of one endearing dog's search for his purpose over the course of several lives. More than just another charming dog story, A Dog's Purpose touches on the universal quest for an answer to life's most basic question: Why are we here? Surprised to find himself reborn as a rambunctious golden-haired puppy after a tragically short life as a stray mutt, Bailey's search for his new life's meaning leads him into the loving arms of eight-year-old Ethan. During their countless adventures, Bailey joyously discovers how to be a good dog. But this life as a family pet is not the end of Bailey's journey. Reborn as a puppy yet again, Bailey wonders - will he ever find his purpose? Heartwarming, insightful, and often laugh-out-loud funny, A Dog's Purpose is not only the emotional and hilarious story of a dog's many lives, but also a dog's-eye commentary on human relationships and the unbreakable bonds between man and man's best friend. This moving and beautifully crafted story teaches us that love never dies, and that every creature on earth is born with a purpose.",
"title":"A Dog's Purpose",


"ID":123
"description":"**A must-read thriller for lovers of The Passage, World War Z, The Martian or Interstellar** What happens when you make a discovery that changes everything? Deadwood, USA. A girl sneaks out just before dark to ride her new bike. Suddenly, the ground disappears beneath her. Waking up at the bottom of a deep pit, she sees an emergency rescue team above her. The people looking down see something far stranger... \"We always look forward. We never look back.\" That girl grows up to be Dr. Rose Franklyn, a brilliant scientist and the leading world expert on what she discovered. An enormous, ornate hand made of an exceptionally rare metal, which predates all human civilisation on the continent. \"But this thing ... it's different. It challenges us. It rewrites history.\" An object whose origins and purpose are perhaps the greatest mystery humanity has ever faced. Solving the secret of where it came from - and how many more parts may be out there - could change life as we know it. \"It dares us to question what we know about ourselves.\" But what if we were meant to find it? And what happens when this vast, global puzzle is complete...? \"About everything.\" * * * 'Bursts at the seams with big ideas. A sheer blast from start to finish. I haven't had this much fun reading in ages' Blake Crouch, author of the Wayward Pines trilogy 'A stellar debut which masterfully blends sci-fi, political thriller and apocalyptic fiction. So much more than the sum of its parts - a page-turner of the highest order' Kirkus Reviews 'Reminiscent of The Martian and World War Z, this is a luminous conspiracy yarn that shoots for (and lands among) the stars' Pierce Brown, author of Red Rising",
"title":"Sleeping Giants",


"ID":124
"description":"A New York Times bestseller—the outrageous exploits of one of this century's greatest scientific minds and a legendary American original. Richard Feynman, winner of the Nobel Prize in physics, thrived on outrageous adventures. Here he recounts in his inimitable voice his experience trading ideas on atomic physics with Einstein and Bohr and ideas on gambling with Nick the Greek; cracking the uncrackable safes guarding the most deeply held nuclear secrets; accompanying a ballet on his bongo drums; painting a naked female toreador. In short, here is Feynman's life in all its eccentric—a combustible mixture of high intelligence, unlimited curiosity, and raging chutzpah.",
"title":"\"Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!\": Adventures of a Curious Character",


"ID":125
"title":"Men, Women, and Chain Saws",
"description":"Female-hero films like Silence of the Lambs and Thelma and Louise may be breakthroughs from the point of view of mainstream Hollywood cinema, but their themes have a long ancestry in lowlife horror.",


"ID":126
"description":"Now a Netflix original series Discover the classic, behind-the-scenes chronicle of John E. Douglas’ twenty-five-year career in the FBI Investigative Support Unit, where he used psychological profiling to delve into the minds of the country’s most notorious serial killers and criminals. In chilling detail, the legendary Mindhunter takes us behind the scenes of some of his most gruesome, fascinating, and challenging cases—and into the darkest recesses of our worst nightmares. During his twenty-five year career with the Investigative Support Unit, Special Agent John Douglas became a legendary figure in law enforcement, pursuing some of the most notorious and sadistic serial killers of our time: the man who hunted prostitutes for sport in the woods of Alaska, the Atlanta child murderer, and Seattle's Green River killer, the case that nearly cost Douglas his life. As the model for Jack Crawford in The Silence of the Lambs, Douglas has confronted, interviewed, and studied scores of serial killers and assassins, including Charles Manson, Ted Bundy, and Ed Gein, who dressed himself in his victims' peeled skin. Using his uncanny ability to become both predator and prey, Douglas examines each crime scene, reliving both the killer's and the victim's actions in his mind, creating their profiles, describing their habits, and predicting their next moves.",
"title":"Mindhunter",


"ID":127
"title":"Catch-22",
"description":"Presents the contemporary classic depicting the struggles of a U.S. airman attempting to survive the lunacy and depravity of a World War II base",


"ID":128
"description":"On Friday, May 11, 2001, the world mourned the untimely passing of Douglas Adams, beloved creator of The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, dead of a heart attack at age forty-nine. Thankfully, in addition to a magnificent literary legacy—which includes seven novels and three co-authored works of nonfiction—Douglas left us something more. The book you are about to enjoy was rescued from his four computers, culled from an archive of chapters from his long-awaited novel-in-progress, as well as his short stories, speeches, articles, interviews, and letters. In a way that none of his previous books could, The Salmon of Doubt provides the full, dazzling, laugh-out-loud experience of a journey through the galaxy as perceived by Douglas Adams. From a boy’s first love letter (to his favorite science fiction magazine) to the distinction of possessing a nose of heroic proportions; from climbing Kilimanjaro in a rhino costume to explaining why Americans can’t make a decent cup of tea; from lyrical tributes to the sublime pleasures found in music by Procol Harum, the Beatles, and Bach to the follies of his hopeless infatuation with technology; from fantastic, fictional forays into the private life of Genghis Khan to extended visits with Dirk Gently and Zaphod Beeblebrox: this is the vista from the elevated perch of one of the tallest, funniest, most brilliant, and most penetrating social critics and thinkers of our time. Welcome to the wonderful mind of Douglas Adams. From the Hardcover edition.",
"title":"The Salmon of Doubt",


"ID":129
"description":"While there is no easy way to define terrorism, it may generally be viewed as a method of violence in which civilians are targeted with the objective of forcing a perceived enemy into submission by creating fear, demoralization, and political friction in the population under attack. At one time a marginal field of study in the social sciences, terrorism is now very much in center stage. The 1970s terrorist attacks by the PLO, the Provisional Irish Republican Army, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, the Japanese Red Army, the Unabomber, Aum Shinrikyo, Timothy McVeigh, the World Trade Center attacks, the assault on a school in Russia, and suicide bombers have all made the term \"terrorism\" an all-too-common part of our vocabulary. This edition of Political Terrorism was originally published in the 1980s, well before some of the horrific events noted above. This monumental collection of definitions, conceptual frameworks, paradigmatic formulations, and bibliographic sources is being reissued in paperback now as a resource for the expanding community of researchers on the subject of terrorism. This is a carefully constructed guide to one of the most urgent issues of the world today. When the first edition was originally published, Choice noted, \"This extremely useful reference tool should be part of any serious social science collection.\" Chronicles of Culture called it \"a tremendously comprehensive book about a subject that any who have anything to lose--from property to liberty, life to limbs--should be forewarned against.\" Alex P. Schmid received his Ph.D. from the University of Zrich, Switzerland, and is a professor in the Department of Political Science at Leiden University. He is the coauthor, with Albert J. Jongman, of Soviet Military Interventions since 1945, available from Transaction. Albert J. Jongman is principal researcher for PIOOM, the Interdisciplinary Research Programme on Causes of Human Rights Violations, and has been a research assistant at the SIPRI in Sweden. He is the author of Monitoring Human Rights Violations (State Violence, State Terrorism, and Human Rights).Irving Louis Horowitz is Hannah Arendt Distinguished University Professor Emeritus of Sociology and Political Science at Rutgers University, and the chairman and editorial director of Transaction Publishers.",
"title":"Political Terrorism",


"ID":130
"title":"Futures & Ruins",
"description":"In this timely and provocative study, Hubert Robert's paintings of urban ruins are interpreted as manifestations of a new consciousness of time, one shaped by the uncertainties of an economy characterized by the dread-inducing expansion of credit, frenzied speculation on the stock exchange, and bold ventures in real estate. As the favored artist of an enterprising Parisian elite, Robert is a prophetic case study of the intersections between aesthetics and modernity's dawning business culture. At the center of this lively narrative lie Robert's depictions of the ruins of Paris—macabre and spectacular paintings of fires and demolitions created on the eve of the French Revolution. Drawing on a vast range of materials, Futures & Ruins understands these artworks as harbingers of a modern appetite for destruction. The paintings are examined as expressions of the pleasures and perils of a risk economy. This captivating account—lavishly illustrated with rarely reproduced objects—recovers the critical significance of the eighteenth-century cult of ruins and of Robert's art for our times.",


"ID":131
"title":"Logistics & Supply Chain Management",
"description":"The UK’s bestselling book on logistics and supply chain management – over 100,000 copies sold. Effective development and management of supply chain networks helps businesses cut costs and enhance customer value. This updated 5th edition is a clear guide to all the key topics in an integrated approach to supply chains. As well as new and updated examples and case studies, there are two new chapters: Routes to Market: Many companies now have to manage multiple distribution channels - this chapter covers strategic issues on how companies “go to market” along with the cost implications of using alternative channels. Service Logistics: As companies begin to sell performance rather than physical product, this chapter explores the implications for logistics management as the need to provide higher levels of service and customer support becomes ever more critical.",


"ID":132
"description":"We all want to get to yes, but what happens when the other person keeps saying no? How can you negotiate successfully with a stubborn boss, an irate customer, or a deceitful coworker? In Getting Past No, William Ury of Harvard Law School’s Program on Negotiation offers a proven breakthrough strategy for turning adversaries into negotiating partners. You’ll learn how to: • Stay in control under pressure • Defuse anger and hostility • Find out what the other side really wants • Counter dirty tricks • Use power to bring the other side back to the table • Reach agreements that satisfies both sides' needs Getting Past No is the state-of-the-art book on negotiation for the twenty-first century. It will help you deal with tough times, tough people, and tough negotiations. You don’t have to get mad or get even. Instead, you can get what you want! From the Trade Paperback edition.",
"title":"Getting Past No",


"ID":133
"title":"Resampling Methods for Dependent Data",
"description":"Bootstrap methods are one of the most active areas of statistical research and are of interest for both theoretical and practical reasons. Several books discuss the case where the data are independent; this is the first book that discusses the case in which the data are dependent. Illustrative numerical examples are given all through the book and issues involving application of the methodology are discussed.",


"ID":134
"title":"Sociolinguistics",
"description":"This is a classic book on a fascinating subject. Peter Trudgill examines the close link between language and society and the many factors that influence the way we speak. These range from gender, environment, age, race, class, region and politics. Trudgill's book surveys languages and societies from all over the world drawing on examples from Afrikaans to Yiddish. He has added a fascinating chapter on the development of a language as a result of a non-native speaker's use of it. Compelling and authoritative, this new edition of a bestselling book is set to redraw the boundaries of the study of sociolinguistics.",


"ID":135
"description":"Annotation A practical selection guide to help engineers and technicians choose the mot efficient surface hardening techniques that offer consistent and repeatable results. Emphasis is placed on characteristics such as processing temperature, case/coating thickness, bond strength, and hardness level obtained. The advantages and limitations of the various thermochemical, thermal and coating/surface modification technologies are compared",
"title":"Surface Hardening of Steels",


"ID":136
"description":"What’s so special about design patterns? At any given moment, someone struggles with the same software design problems you have. And, chances are, someone else has already solved your problem. This edition of Head First Design Patterns—now updated for Java 8—shows you the tried-and-true, road-tested patterns used by developers to create functional, elegant, reusable, and flexible software. By the time you finish this book, you’ll be able to take advantage of the best design practices and experiences of those who have fought the beast of software design and triumphed. What’s so special about this book? We think your time is too valuable to spend struggling with new concepts. Using the latest research in cognitive science and learning theory to craft a multi-sensory learning experience, Head First Design Patterns uses a visually rich format designed for the way your brain works, not a text-heavy approach that puts you to sleep.",
"title":"Head First Design Patterns",


"ID":137
"title":"Dice Man",
"description":"Classic novel of the 70s, back in print. The cult classic that can still change your life…Let the dice decide! This is the philosophy that changes the life of bored psychiatrist Luke Rhinehart—and in some ways changes the world as well. Because once you hand over your life to the dice, anything can happen. Entertaining, humorous, scary, shocking, subversive, The Dice Man is one of the cult bestsellers of our time.",


"ID":138
"title":"Vernacular Voices",
"description":"A conceptual study of how rhetoric affects public opinion.",


"ID":139
"title":"Kualitas Audit",
"description":"Sebagai sebuah profesi, seorang auditor dituntut memiliki kompetensi dan independensi terutama berkaitan dengan pemberian opini auditor. Dalam suatu pemeriksaan, suatu entitas bisnis dianggap akan berlangsung terus keberadaannya. Meskipun demikian, auditor memiliki tanggung jawab untuk mengevaluasi apakah entitas bisnis tersebut memiliki kemampuan going concern untuk suatu periode yang beralasan, yang tidak melebihi satu tahun setelah laporan keuangan diperiksa. Buku ini hadir untuk memberikan gambaran kepada pembaca tentang bagaimana kualitas audit seorang auditor. Oleh karena itu, buku ini cocok untuk pembaca yang peduli tentang kualitas audit, terutama para mahasiswa ekonomi akuntansi.",


"ID":140
"title":"Reliability-centered Maintenance",
"description":"Initially developed by the aviation industry, RCM is rapidly becoming fundamental to the practice of maintenance management and is now in use at hundreds of industrial and service organizations around the world. This book provides an authoritative and practical explanation of what RCM is and how it can be applied. It is of vital importance to anyone concerned with productivity, quality, safety, and environmental integrity. Written by an expert in the field who has helped users apply RCM and its more modern derivative, RCM2, at more than 600 sites in 32 countries. The second edition includes more than 100 pages of new material on: condition monitoring the analysis of functions and failures human error the management risk failure finding the measurement maintenance performance",


"ID":141
"title":"The Roman Revolution",
"description":"The Roman Revolution is a profound and unconventional treatment of a great theme - the fall of the Republic and the decline of freedom in Rome between 60 BC and AD 14, and the rise to power of the greatest of the Roman Emperors, Augustus. The transformation of state and society, the violent transference of power and property, and the establishment of Augustus' rule are presented in an unconventional narrative, which quotes from ancient evidence, refers seldomly to modern authorities, and states controversial opinions quite openly. The result is a book which is both fresh and compelling.",


"ID":142
"title":"Atkins' Physical Chemistry",
"description":"This volume features a greater emphasis on the molecular view of physical chemistry and a move away from classical thermodynamics. It offers greater explanation and support in mathematics which remains an intrinsic part of physical chemistry.",


"ID":143
"title":"Soldier Spy",
"description":"For the very first time an MI5 undercover surveillance officer provides an unputdownable, eye-opening account of the on-going struggle to keep Britain's streets safe and terror free. 'Gripping. One of the most successful MI5 undercover surveillance officers of his time' Sun 'Very well written, gives a startling amount of operational detail, the biggest shock of all - MI5 agreed to its publication' Sunday Times In the boot were six homemade pipe bombs, all linked to detonate at the same time from a single call on a brand-new pay-as-you-go phone found on the target. Special Branch also found Chinese Type 56 assault rifles with eight full magazines full of ammunition. His target was a local school. He planned to attack two coaches of teenagers returning home after a school trip to France. Approximately sixty children, their accompanying teachers and their waiting parents. He was going to kill them all . . . Tom Marcus was recruited by MI5 in the wake of the 7/7 attacks on London. After five years spent undercover as part of a covert British Army special operations unit he offered the Security Service the edge they so desperately needed. Following months of intensive training, Marcus was thrown into a world of relentless, unimaginable pressure; a never-ending struggle to prevent terrorist atrocities on our city streets, foil devastating strikes against the nation's infrastructure, and keep our country's secrets safe from foreign spies. Split second decisions carried life or death consequences. And not all his colleagues would survive the fight. In this explosive first-hand account, Soldier Spy lifts the lid on the war being waged by MI5 to keep us safe in our towns and cities for the first time; a blistering, visceral insight into life on the front line against terror, revealed in never-before-seen detail.",


"ID":144
"title":"Edgework",
"description":"What do skydiving, rock climbing, and downhill skiing have in common with stock-trading, unprotected sex, and sadomasochism? All are high risk pursuits. Edgework explores the world of voluntary risk-taking, investigating the seductive nature of pursuing peril and teasing out the boundaries between legal and criminal behavior; conscious and unconscious acts; sanity and insanity; acceptable risk and stupidity. The distinguished contributors to this collection profile high risk-takers and explore their experiences with risk through such topics as juvenile delinquency, street anarchism, sadomasochism, avant-garde art, business risks, and extreme sport.",


"ID":145
"title":"Introduction To Algorithms",
"description":"An extensively revised edition of a mathematically rigorous yet accessible introduction to algorithms.",


"ID":146
"title":"The Power Of Positive Thinking For Young People",
"description":"'Trust yourself. You cannot be successful or happy without confidence in your own powers and abilities. To succeed you need self-confidence . . . this book will help you to believe in yourself and release your inner powers. ' Norman Vincent Peale in chapter 1. BE WHO YOU WANT TO BE - AND GET THE LIFE YOU WANT TO LIVE This book is a carefully adapted version of The Power of Positive Thinking, one of the most inspiring bestsellers of all time. It aims to help young people to use the power of positive thinking to build successful lives. Dr Peale gets right to the heart of the most common problems faced by teenagers, and offers a series of practical steps for solving them. He provides young people with the positive approach needed to achieve the major goals in life, showing them how to maximise their talent and energies, to give them confidence when they need it most.",


"ID":147
"title":"Business Research Methods 3e",
"description":"An adaptation of 'Social Research Methods' by Alan Bryman, this volume provides a comprehensive introduction to the area of business research methods. It gives students an assessment of the contexts within which different methods may be used and how they should be implemented.",


"ID":148
"description":"First published in 1202, Fibonacci’s Liber Abaci was one of the most important books on mathematics in the Middle Ages, introducing Arabic numerals and methods throughout Europe. This is the first translation into a modern European language, of interest not only to historians of science but also to all mathematicians and mathematics teachers interested in the origins of their methods.",
"title":"Fibonacci’s Liber Abaci",


"ID":149
"description":"The Oxford History of the United States is by far the most respected multi-volume history of our nation. The series includes three Pulitzer Prize winners, two New York Times bestsellers, and winners of the Bancroft and Parkman Prizes. Now, in the newest volume in the series, one of America's most esteemed historians, Gordon S. Wood, offers a brilliant account of the early American Republic, ranging from 1789 and the beginning of the national government to the end of the War of 1812. As Wood reveals, the period was marked by tumultuous change in all aspects of American life--in politics, society, economy, and culture. The men who founded the new government had high hopes for the future, but few of their hopes and dreams worked out quite as they expected. They hated political parties but parties nonetheless emerged. Some wanted the United States to become a great fiscal-military state like those of Britain and France; others wanted the country to remain a rural agricultural state very different from the European states. Instead, by 1815 the United States became something neither group anticipated. Many leaders expected American culture to flourish and surpass that of Europe; instead it became popularized and vulgarized. The leaders also hope to see the end of slavery; instead, despite the release of many slaves and the end of slavery in the North, slavery was stronger in 1815 than it had been in 1789. Many wanted to avoid entanglements with Europe, but instead the country became involved in Europe's wars and ended up waging another war with the former mother country. Still, with a new generation emerging by 1815, most Americans were confident and optimistic about the future of their country. Named a New York Times Notable Book, Empire of Liberty offers a marvelous account of this pivotal era when America took its first unsteady steps as a new and rapidly expanding nation.",
"title":"Empire of Liberty",


"ID":150
"title":"The Remains of the Day",
"description":"From the Nobel Prize-winning author of Never Let Me Go Winner of the Booker Prize A contemporary classic, The Remains of the Day is Kazuo Ishiguro's beautiful and haunting evocation of life between the wars in a Great English House. In the summer of 1956, Stevens, the ageing butler of Darlington Hall, embarks on a leisurely holiday that will take him deep into the English countryside and into his past.",


"ID":151
"description":"Joseph Campbell, arguably the greatest mythologist of our time, was certainly one of our greatest storytellers. This new cloth edition of The Hero's Journey, published to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Campbell's birth, recounts his own quest and conveys the excitement of his lifelong exploration of our mythic traditions, what he called \"the one great story of mankind.\"",
"title":"The Hero's Journey",


"ID":152
"title":"Scientific Charge-coupled Devices",
"description":"The invention of the charge-coupled device 30 years ago was the beginning of a remarkable image capture technology that has changed the course of imaging in fields ranging from astronomy to biotechnology. This book presents a comprehensive history, tutorial, and state-of-the-art description of CCDs and is intended for scientists, engineers, imaging hardware managers, and graduate students.",


"ID":153
"title":"Interdisciplinary Research",
"description":"The Third Edition of Interdisciplinary Research: Process and Theory offers a comprehensive and systematic presentation of the interdisciplinary research process and the theory that informs it. Authors Allen F. Repko and Rick Szostak illustrate each step of the decision-making process by drawing on student and professional work from the natural sciences, social sciences, humanities, and applied fields. Designed for active learning and problem-based approaches as well as for more traditional approaches, the book now includes more examples from real student research projects and adds more tables and figures to enliven the discussion.",


"ID":154
"title":"Darwin and Facial Expression",
"description":"In Darwin and Facial Expression, Paul Ekman and a cast of other notable scholars and scientists, reconsider the central concepts and key sources of information in Darwin's work on emotional expression. First published in 1972 to celebrate the centennial of the publication of Darwin's, The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals, it is the first of three works edited by Dr. Ekman and others on the subject. This Malor edition contains new and updated references. Darwin claimed that we cannot understand human emotional expression without understanding the emotional expressions of animals, as our emotional expressions are in large part determined by our evolution. Not only are there similarities in the appearance of some emotional expressions between man and certain other animals, but the principles which explain why a particular emotional expression occurs with a particular emotion also apply across species. Paul Ekman is co-author of Unmasking the Face (Malor Books, 2003) and more than thirteen other titles. He is professor emeritus of psychology in the department of psychiatry at the University of California Medical School, San Francisco and a frequent consultant on emotional expression to the FBI, the CIA, the ATF, as well as the animation studios Pixar and Industrial Light and Magic.",


"ID":155
"title":"Anna Halprin",
"description":"Anna Halprin pioneered what became known as \"postmodern dance,\" creating work that was key to unlocking the door to experimentation in theater, music, Happenings, and performance art. This first comprehensive biography examines Halprin’s fascinating life in the context of American culture—in particular popular culture and the West Coast as a center of artistic experimentation from the Beats through the Hippies. Janice Ross chronicles Halprin’s long, remarkable career, beginning with the dancer’s grandparents—who escaped Eastern European pogroms and came to the United States at the turn of the last century—and ending with the present day, when Halprin continues to defy boundaries between artistic genres as well as between participants and observers. As she follows Halprin’s development from youth into old age, Ross describes in engrossing detail the artist’s roles as dancer, choreographer, performance theorist, community leader, cancer survivor, healer, wife, and mother. Halprin’s friends and acquaintances include a number of artists who charted the course of postmodern performance. Among her students were Trisha Brown, Simone Forti, Yvonne Rainer, Meredith Monk, and Robert Morris. Ross brings to life the vital sense of experimentation during this period. She also illuminates the work of Anna Halprin’s husband, the important landscape architect Lawrence Halprin, in the context of his wife’s environmental dance work. Using Halprin’s dance practices and works as her focus, Ross explores the effects of danced stories on the bodies who perform them. The result is an innovative consideration of how experience becomes performance as well as a masterful account of an extraordinary life.",


"ID":156
"title":"Proverbs",
"description":"Drawn from the wisdom of ancient oral tradition, this book contains two main doctrines: teaching the attainment of wisdom, and warning against life's pitfalls, from excessive drink to promiscuity. The text is introduced by Charles Johnson.",


"ID":157
"title":"Family Frames",
"description":"On role of family in photography",


"ID":158
"title":"Media Effects",
"description":"This work covers topics such as intermedia processes and powerful media effects, political communication effects and media influences on marketing communications.",


"ID":159
"description":"Secrets of the Millionaire Mind reveals the missing link between wanting success and achieving it! Have you ever wondered why some people seem to get rich easily, while others are destined for a life of financial struggle? Is the difference found in their education, intelligence, skills, timing, work habits, contacts, luck, or their choice of jobs, businesses, or investments? The shocking answer is: None of the above! In his groundbreaking Secrets of the Millionaire Mind, T. Harv Eker states: \"Give me five minutes, and I can predict your financial future for the rest of your life!\" Eker does this by identifying your \"money and success blueprint.\" We all have a personal money blueprint ingrained in our subconscious minds, and it is this blueprint, more than anything, that will determine our financial lives. You can know everything about marketing, sales, negotiations, stocks, real estate, and the world of finance, but if your money blueprint is not set for a high level of success, you will never have a lot of money—and if somehow you do, you will most likely lose it! The good news is that now you can actually reset your money blueprint to create natural and automatic success. Secrets of the Millionaire Mind is two books in one. Part I explains how your money blueprint works. Through Eker's rare combination of street smarts, humor, and heart, you will learn how your childhood influences have shaped your financial destiny. You will also learn how to identify your own money blueprint and \"revise\" it to not only create success but, more important, to keep and continually grow it. In Part II you will be introduced to seventeen \"Wealth Files,\" which describe exactly how rich people think and act differently than most poor and middle-class people. Each Wealth File includes action steps for you to practice in the real world in order to dramatically increase your income and accumulate wealth. If you are not doing as well financially as you would like, you will have to change your money blueprint. Unfortunately your current money blueprint will tend to stay with you for the rest of your life, unless you identify and revise it, and that's exactly what you will do with the help of this extraordinary book. According to T. Harv Eker, it's simple. If you think like rich people think and do what rich people do, chances are you'll get rich too!",
"title":"Secrets of the Millionaire Mind",


"ID":160
"title":"Introduction to Plant Tissue Culture",
"description":"Introduction and techniques; Introductory history; Laboratory organisation; Media; Aseptic manipulation; Basic aspects; Cell culture; Cellular totipotency; Somatic embryogenesis; Applications to plant breeding; Haploid prodution; Triploid production; In vitro pollination and fertilization; Zygotic embryo culture; Somatic hybridisation and cybridisation; Genetic transformation; Somaclonal and gametoclonal variant selection; Application to horticulture and forestry; Production of disease-free plants; clonal propagation; General applications; Industrial applications: secondary metabolite production; Germplasm conservation.",


"ID":161
"title":"Fourier Transforms",
"description":"Focusing on applications of Fourier transforms and related topics rather than theory, this accessible treatment is suitable for students and researchers interested in boundary value problems of physics and engineering. 1951 edition.",


"ID":162
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":163
"title":"Hellenistic Pottery",
"description":"This book presents 847 examples of Hellenistic plain wares from the well-stratified excavations of the Athenian Agora. These pieces include oil containers, household shapes, and cooking pottery. A typology of these ceramics, based on both form and fabric, is followed by a chronology, using the fact that many of the pieces were found in \"closed contexts\" like wells. Finally, the author discusses the possible functions of the ceramic shapes found, and uses them to reconstruct some of the domestic and industrial activities of Hellenistic Athenians. \"This volume will stand as a fitting capstone to a project of long duration, and it will enjoy many, many years as a vital and easy-to-use reference work.\" Andrea Berlin, University of Minnesota.",


"ID":164
"description":"During the past decade there has been an explosion in computation and information technology. With it have come vast amounts of data in a variety of fields such as medicine, biology, finance, and marketing. The challenge of understanding these data has led to the development of new tools in the field of statistics, and spawned new areas such as data mining, machine learning, and bioinformatics. Many of these tools have common underpinnings but are often expressed with different terminology. This book describes the important ideas in these areas in a common conceptual framework. While the approach is statistical, the emphasis is on concepts rather than mathematics. Many examples are given, with a liberal use of color graphics. It should be a valuable resource for statisticians and anyone interested in data mining in science or industry. The book’s coverage is broad, from supervised learning (prediction) to unsupervised learning. The many topics include neural networks, support vector machines, classification trees and boosting---the first comprehensive treatment of this topic in any book. This major new edition features many topics not covered in the original, including graphical models, random forests, ensemble methods, least angle regression & path algorithms for the lasso, non-negative matrix factorization, and spectral clustering. There is also a chapter on methods for “wide” data (p bigger than n), including multiple testing and false discovery rates. Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani, and Jerome Friedman are professors of statistics at Stanford University. They are prominent researchers in this area: Hastie and Tibshirani developed generalized additive models and wrote a popular book of that title. Hastie co-developed much of the statistical modeling software and environment in R/S-PLUS and invented principal curves and surfaces. Tibshirani proposed the lasso and is co-author of the very successful An Introduction to the Bootstrap. Friedman is the co-inventor of many data-mining tools including CART, MARS, projection pursuit and gradient boosting.",
"title":"The Elements of Statistical Learning",


"ID":165
"title":"The Last Girl",
"description":"`Telling my story of first, surviving genocide and then, as a captive of ISIS is not easy, but people must know.' The remarkable and courageous story of Nadia Murad, a twenty-three-year-old Yazidi woman who is working with Amal Clooney to challenge the world to fight ISIS on behalf on her people. With a foreword by Amal Clooney A Nobel Peace Prize nominee and the first Goodwill Ambassador the Dignity of Survivors of Human Trafficking of the United Nations and winner of the Vaclav Havel Human Rights Prize, Nadia Murad is a courageous young woman who has endured unimaginable tragedy (losing eighteen members of her family) and degradation through sexual enslavement to ISIS. But she has fought back. This inspiring memoir takes us from her peaceful childhood in a remote village in Iraq through loss and brutality to safety in Germany. Courage and testimony can change the world: this is one of those books.",


"ID":166
"title":"The Magna Carta",
"description":"The Magna Carta, or “The Great Charter of the Liberties” is one of the most important historical documents in English history and serves as a philosophical basis for democratic monarchy and civil liberties. The charter was originally drafted in response to a political crisis during the reign of King John who faced opposition from the church and from a group of rebellious barons. The Magna Carta placed restrictions on the monarch and provided an important precedent in suggesting that the king, like everyone else, was subject to the laws of the land. Though the Magna Carta was nullified shortly after it was signed into law in 1215, it continued to influence the philosophies on which the English and American political systems are based. HarperTorch brings great works of non-fiction and the dramatic arts to life in digital format, upholding the highest standards in ebook production and celebrating reading in all its forms. Look for more titles in the HarperTorch collection to build your digital library.",


"ID":167
"title":"1Q84",
"description":"“Murakami is like a magician who explains what he’s doing as he performs the trick and still makes you believe he has supernatural powers . . . But while anyone can tell a story that resembles a dream, it's the rare artist, like this one, who can make us feel that we are dreaming it ourselves.” —The New York Times Book Review The year is 1984 and the city is Tokyo. A young woman named Aomame follows a taxi driver’s enigmatic suggestion and begins to notice puzzling discrepancies in the world around her. She has entered, she realizes, a parallel existence, which she calls 1Q84 —“Q is for ‘question mark.’ A world that bears a question.” Meanwhile, an aspiring writer named Tengo takes on a suspect ghostwriting project. He becomes so wrapped up with the work and its unusual author that, soon, his previously placid life begins to come unraveled. As Aomame’s and Tengo’s narratives converge over the course of this single year, we learn of the profound and tangled connections that bind them ever closer: a beautiful, dyslexic teenage girl with a unique vision; a mysterious religious cult that instigated a shoot-out with the metropolitan police; a reclusive, wealthy dowager who runs a shelter for abused women; a hideously ugly private investigator; a mild-mannered yet ruthlessly efficient bodyguard; and a peculiarly insistent television-fee collector. A love story, a mystery, a fantasy, a novel of self-discovery, a dystopia to rival George Orwell’s—1Q84 is Haruki Murakami’s most ambitious undertaking yet: an instant best seller in his native Japan, and a tremendous feat of imagination from one of our most revered contemporary writers.",


"ID":168
"title":"The Media and Neo-populism",
"description":"Provides eight case studies of media responses to right-wing radical groups and how these groups exploit the media.",


"ID":169
"description":"Though Anderson Cooper has always considered himself close to his mother, his intensely busy career as a journalist for CNN and CBS affords him little time to spend with her. After she suffers a brief but serious illness at the age of ninety-one, they resolve to change their relationship by beginning a year-long conversation unlike any they had ever had before. The result is a correspondence of surprising honesty and depth in which they discuss their lives, the things that matter to them, and what they still want to learn about each other. Both a son’s love letter to his mother and an unconventional mom’s life lessons for her grown son, The Rainbow Comes and Goes offers a rare window into their close relationship and fascinating life stories, including their tragedies and triumphs. In these often humorous and moving exchanges, they share their most private thoughts and the hard-earned truths they’ve learned along the way. In their words their distinctive personalities shine through—Anderson’s journalistic outlook on the world is a sharp contrast to his mother’s idealism and unwavering optimism. An appealing memoir with inspirational advice, The Rainbow Comes and Goes is a beautiful and affectionate celebration of the universal bond between a parent and a child, and a thoughtful reflection on life, reminding us of the precious insight that remains to be shared, no matter our age.",
"title":"The Rainbow Comes and Goes",


"ID":170
"description":"Japanese modern times -- Japanese modern within modernity -- Placing the consumer-subject within mass culture -- Erotic grotesque nonsense as montage -- Japanese modern culture as politics -- The documentary impulse -- Japanese modern sites -- The modern girl as militant (movement on the streets) -- The café waitress sang the blues -- Friends of the movies (from ero to empire) -- The household becomes modern life -- Asakusa, honky-tonk tempo -- Asakusa eroticism -- Gonda Yasunoke's Asakusa -- Soeda Azenbo's Asakusa -- Kawabata Yasunari's Asakusa -- Iwasaki Akira's pork cutlet problem (Hollywood as fantasy) -- Ozaki Midori (love for a cane and a hat) -- Down-and-out grotesquerie -- Modern nonsense.",
"title":"Erotic Grotesque Nonsense",


"ID":171
"description":"Don’t miss this captivating novella set in the world of the #1 New York Times bestselling Selection series! Go behind the scenes of the competition with this story from the point of view of Prince Maxon. Before America Singer was chosen to compete in the Selection, there was another girl in Prince Maxon’s life . . . . In The Prince, follow Prince Maxon through the week leading up to the beginning of the Selection—and the day he first meets America. The Prince also includes a teaser to The Elite, the enchanting second book in the Selection series. Epic Reads Impulse is a digital imprint with new releases each month.",
"title":"The Prince",


"ID":172
"title":"Iqbal",
"description":"Presents a fictionalized account of the life of Iqbal Masih, the Pakistani child who escaped from bondage in a carpet factory and went on to help liberate other children like him before being gunned down at the age of thirteen.",


"ID":173
"description":"INSTANT NEW YORK TIMES AND WALL STREET JOURNAL BESTSELLER Have you ever felt the urge to declutter your work life? Do you often find yourself stretched too thin? Do you simultaneously feel overworked and underutilized? Are you frequently busy but not productive? Do you feel like your time is constantly being hijacked by other people’s agendas? If you answered yes to any of these, the way out is the Way of the Essentialist. The Way of the Essentialist isn’t about getting more done in less time. It’s about getting only the right things done. It is not a time management strategy, or a productivity technique. It is a systematic discipline for discerning what is absolutely essential, then eliminating everything that is not, so we can make the highest possible contribution towards the things that really matter. By forcing us to apply a more selective criteria for what is Essential, the disciplined pursuit of less empowers us to reclaim control of our own choices about where to spend our precious time and energy – instead of giving others the implicit permission to choose for us. Essentialism is not one more thing – it’s a whole new way of doing everything. A must-read for any leader, manager, or individual who wants to do less, but better, and declutter and organize their own their lives, Essentialism is a movement whose time has come. From the Hardcover edition.",
"title":"Essentialism",


"ID":174
"title":"The Warrior Diet",
"description":"Along with the many benefits of leisure-class living comes obesity and its attendant ailments. In The Warrior Diet, Ori Hofmekler looks not forward but backward for a solution–to the primal habits of early cultures such as nomads and hunter-gatherers, the Greeks, and the Romans. Based on survival science, this book proposes not ordinary dietary changes but rather a radical yet surprisingly simple lifestyle overhaul. Drawing on both scientific studies and historical data, Hofmekler argues that robust health and a lean, strong body can best be achieved by mimicking the classical warrior mode of cycling—working and eating sparingly (undereating) during the day and filling up at night. Specific elements from the Warrior Diet Nutritional Program (finding ideal fuel foods and food combinations to reduce body fat) to the Controlled Fatigue Training Program (promoting strength, speed, and resilience to fatigue through special drills), literally reshape body and mind. Individual chapters cover warrior meals and recipes; sex drive, potency, and animal magnetism; as well as personalizing the diet for women. Featuring forewords by Fit for Life author Harvey Diamond and Fat That Kills author Dr. Udo Erasmus, The Warrior Diet shows readers weary of fad diets how to attain enduring vigor, explosive strength, a better appearance, and increased vitality and health.",


"ID":175
"description":"Data is at the center of many challenges in system design today. Difficult issues need to be figured out, such as scalability, consistency, reliability, efficiency, and maintainability. In addition, we have an overwhelming variety of tools, including relational databases, NoSQL datastores, stream or batch processors, and message brokers. What are the right choices for your application? How do you make sense of all these buzzwords? In this practical and comprehensive guide, author Martin Kleppmann helps you navigate this diverse landscape by examining the pros and cons of various technologies for processing and storing data. Software keeps changing, but the fundamental principles remain the same. With this book, software engineers and architects will learn how to apply those ideas in practice, and how to make full use of data in modern applications. Peer under the hood of the systems you already use, and learn how to use and operate them more effectively Make informed decisions by identifying the strengths and weaknesses of different tools Navigate the trade-offs around consistency, scalability, fault tolerance, and complexity Understand the distributed systems research upon which modern databases are built Peek behind the scenes of major online services, and learn from their architectures",
"title":"Designing Data-Intensive Applications",


"ID":176
"title":"The Comedy About A Bank Robbery",
"description":"One enormous diamond Six incompetent crooks And a snoozing security guard What could possibly go right? Written by Henry Lewis, Jonathan Sayer and Henry Shields of Mischief Theatre, creators of the Olivier Award-winning Best New Comedy The Play That Goes Wrong and Peter Pan Goes Wrong, The Comedy About A Bank Robbery is the latest adventure in mishap, mistimed exists and entrances, and disaster unfolding in front of the audience's eyes. It received its world premiere at the Criterion Theatre, London, on 31 March 2016.",


"ID":177
"title":"Clinical Anatomy by Regions",
"description":"This respected textbook delivers user-friendly features and expert perspectives for those seeking insights into the practical application of anatomy. Ideal for medical, dental, allied health, and nursing programs, this book guides students through the fundamentals of human anatomy.",


"ID":178
"description":"Rembrandts paintings have been admired throughout centuries because of their artistic freedom. But Rembrandt was also a craftsman whose painting technique was rooted the tradition. Rembrandt—The Painter at Work is the result of a lifelong search for Rembrandt's working methods, his intellectual approach to the art of painting and the way in which his studio functioned. Ernst van de Wetering demonstrates how this knowledge can be used to tackle questions about authenticity and other art-historical issues. Approximately 350 illustrations, half of which are reproduced in colour, make this book into a monumental tribute to one of the worlds most important painters. \"The book is—if one may be allowed to say such a thing about a serious scholarly work—a gripping good-read.' Christopher White, The Burlington Magazine \"This is a very rich book, a deeply felt analysis of an artist whom the author knows better than almost any other living scholar.\" Christopher Brown, Times Literary Supplement",
"title":"Rembrandt",


"ID":179
"title":"Dirty Russian",
"description":"Nothing is censored in this book, which reveals the contemporary colloquial language Russian locals actually speak, presenting cool, crass, and shocking things to say for all casual situations, including shopping, parties, nightclubs, sporting events, and even romance and sex. Original.",


"ID":180
"title":"Advanced Bread and Pastry",
"description":"Advanced Bread & Pastry has a unique approach to providing advanced level concepts, techniques and formulas to those aspiring to be professional bakers and professional pastry chefs. Exquisite photographs are throughout to further inspire learners and professionals of the unlimited potential of the craft. Advanced Bread and Pastry provides in depth information and troubleshooting strategies for addressing the complex techniques of the advanced level of bread and pastry arts. Important Notice: Media content referenced within the product description or the product text may not be available in the ebook version.",


"ID":181
"title":"Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn and TensorFlow",
"description":"Graphics in this book are printed in black and white. Through a series of recent breakthroughs, deep learning has boosted the entire field of machine learning. Now, even programmers who know close to nothing about this technology can use simple, efficient tools to implement programs capable of learning from data. This practical book shows you how. By using concrete examples, minimal theory, and two production-ready Python frameworks—scikit-learn and TensorFlow—author Aurélien Géron helps you gain an intuitive understanding of the concepts and tools for building intelligent systems. You’ll learn a range of techniques, starting with simple linear regression and progressing to deep neural networks. With exercises in each chapter to help you apply what you’ve learned, all you need is programming experience to get started. Explore the machine learning landscape, particularly neural nets Use scikit-learn to track an example machine-learning project end-to-end Explore several training models, including support vector machines, decision trees, random forests, and ensemble methods Use the TensorFlow library to build and train neural nets Dive into neural net architectures, including convolutional nets, recurrent nets, and deep reinforcement learning Learn techniques for training and scaling deep neural nets Apply practical code examples without acquiring excessive machine learning theory or algorithm details",


"ID":182
"title":"A Course of Modern Analysis",
"description":"This classic text has entered and held the field as the standard book on the applications of analysis to the transcendental functions. The authors explain the methods of modern analysis in the first part of the book and then proceed to a detailed discussion of the transcendental function, unhampered by the necessity of continually proving new theorems for special applications. In this way the authors have succeeded in being rigorous without imposing on the reader the mass of detail that so often tends to make a rigorous demonstration tedious. Researchers and students will find this book as valuable as ever.",


"ID":183
"title":"Causes of Delinquency",
"description":"Hirschi studies data and rejects the two prevailing theories -- the criminal is either one who is a frustrated striver forced into deliquency by his acceptance of goals common to us all or one who is an innocent foreigner attempting to obey the rules of a society that is not in a position to make the law or define \"evil\" conduct. Rather he states the case that delinquents are often free of serious intimate attachments, aspirations, and moral beliefs that bind most people under the theory of social control.",


"ID":184
"title":"A Short History of World War I",
"description":"World War I was a bloodletting so vast and unprecedented that for a generation it was known simply as the Great War. Casualty lists reached unimagined proportions as the same ground -- places like Ypres and the Somme -- was fought over again and again. Other major bloody battles remain vivid in memory to this day: Gallipoli and the Battle of Jutland are but two examples. Europe was at war with itself, and the effect on Western civilization was profound, its repercussions felt even today. World War I saw the introduction of modern technology into the military arena: The tank, airplane, machine gun, submarine, and -- most lethal of all -- poison gas, all received their first widespread use. Professor Stokesbury analyzes these technological innovations and the war's complex military campaigns in lucid detail. At the same time he discusses the great political events that unfolded during the war, such as the Russian Revolution and the end of the Hapsburg dynasty, putting the social and political side of the war into the context of modern European history. A Short History of World War I is the first history of this war to be written in twenty years. It incorporates recent research and current thinking about the war in a highly readable and lively style.",


"ID":185
"title":"Cooking for Family and Friends",
"description":"Do you find it tricky to balance being healthy with cooking for a crowd? Bestselling author Joe Wicks, aka The Body Coach, presents this gorgeous book featuring more than 100 delicious and nutritious recipes that are perfect for sharing with the special people in your life. Joe has helped hundreds of thousands of people to transform their bodies and feel amazing with his effective workouts and simple recipes. All of the recipes in Cooking for Family and Friends are organised into reduced-carb and post workout chapters, just like Joe's first three Lean in 15 cookbooks. This makes it a brilliant addition for those already familiar with Joe's eating structure (carbs following workouts or on active days) but the meals are also enjoyable and tasty for all, whether you are following Joe's plan or not. Cooking for Family and Friends is a beautifully photographed collection of Joe's easy favourites and crowd-pleasers, such as Roast Chicken with Celeriac Mash and Bacon Greens, BBQ Ribs with Dirty Corn, and Tandoori Chicken Thighs with Chapattis. All the recipes are big on flavour and packed with the hero ingredients you need to impress your mates, fuel your workout and burn fat.",


"ID":186
"title":"The Politics of Collective Violence",
"description":"This book, first published in 2003, attempts to explain collective violence and to identify the best ways to mitigate it.",


"ID":187
"title":"PC Mag",
"description":"PCMag.com is a leading authority on technology, delivering Labs-based, independent reviews of the latest products and services. Our expert industry analysis and practical solutions help you make better buying decisions and get more from technology.",


"ID":188
"title":"Wiseguy",
"description":"A longtime member of organized crime recounts his criminal career, his involvement in the six-million dollar Lufthansa robbery, and his decision to become a federal witness",


"ID":189
"title":"General Theory of Law and State",
"description":"Kelsen, Hans. General Theory of Law and State. Translated by Anders Wedberg. Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1945. xxxiii, 516pp. Reprinted 1999 by The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. LCCN 98-32334. ISBN 1-886363-74-9. Cloth. $95. * Reprint of the first edition. Classic work by a noted Austrian jurist, Hans Kelsen [1881-1973] in which he advances his theories of the pure nature of law and of the state as separate from a philosophy of justice. The appendix includes an analysis of the natural law doctrine in its opposition to legal positivism.",


"ID":190
"description":"An innovation classic. From Steve Jobs to Jeff Bezos, Clay Christensen’s work continues to underpin today’s most innovative leaders and organizations. The bestselling classic on disruptive innovation, by renowned author Clayton M. Christensen. His work is cited by the world’s best-known thought leaders, from Steve Jobs to Malcolm Gladwell. In this classic bestseller—one of the most influential business books of all time—innovation expert Clayton Christensen shows how even the most outstanding companies can do everything right—yet still lose market leadership. Christensen explains why most companies miss out on new waves of innovation. No matter the industry, he says, a successful company with established products will get pushed aside unless managers know how and when to abandon traditional business practices. Offering both successes and failures from leading companies as a guide, The Innovator’s Dilemma gives you a set of rules for capitalizing on the phenomenon of disruptive innovation. Sharp, cogent, and provocative—and consistently noted as one of the most valuable business ideas of all time—The Innovator’s Dilemma is the book no manager, leader, or entrepreneur should be without.",
"title":"The Innovator's Dilemma",


"ID":191
"title":"A Dictionary of Sociology",
"description":"Contains over 2,500 alphabetically arranged entries providing definitions of terms and ideas related to sociology, along with cross-references, and biographical sketches of key individuals in the field.",


"ID":192
"title":"An Introduction to Ergodic Theory",
"description":"This text provides an introduction to ergodic theory suitable for readers knowing basic measure theory. The mathematical prerequisites are summarized in Chapter 0. It is hoped the reader will be ready to tackle research papers after reading the book. The first part of the text is concerned with measure-preserving transformations of probability spaces; recurrence properties, mixing properties, the Birkhoff ergodic theorem, isomorphism and spectral isomorphism, and entropy theory are discussed. Some examples are described and are studied in detail when new properties are presented. The second part of the text focuses on the ergodic theory of continuous transformations of compact metrizable spaces. The family of invariant probability measures for such a transformation is studied and related to properties of the transformation such as topological traitivity, minimality, the size of the non-wandering set, and existence of periodic points. Topological entropy is introduced and related to measure-theoretic entropy. Topological pressure and equilibrium states are discussed, and a proof is given of the variational principle that relates pressure to measure-theoretic entropies. Several examples are studied in detail. The final chapter outlines significant results and some applications of ergodic theory to other branches of mathematics.",


"ID":193
"description":"This book provides comprehensive introduction to a consortium of technologies underlying soft computing, an evolving branch of computational intelligence. The constituent technologies discussed comprise neural networks, fuzzy logic, genetic algorithms, and a number of hybrid systems which include classes such as neuro-fuzzy, fuzzy-genetic, and neuro-genetic systems. The hybridization of the technologies is demonstrated on architectures such as Fuzzy-Back-propagation Networks (NN-FL), Simplified Fuzzy ARTMAP (NN-FL), and Fuzzy Associative Memories. The book also gives an exhaustive discussion of FL-GA hybridization. Every architecture has been discussed in detail through illustrative examples and applications. The algorithms have been presented in pseudo-code with a step-by-step illustration of the same in problems. The applications, demonstrative of the potential of the architectures, have been chosen from diverse disciplines of science and engineering. This book with a wealth of information that is clearly presented and illustrated by many examples and applications is designed for use as a text for courses in soft computing at both the senior undergraduate and first-year post-graduate engineering levels. It should also be of interest to researchers and technologists desirous of applying soft computing technologies to their respective fields of work.",
"title":"NEURAL NETWORKS, FUZZY LOGIC AND GENETIC ALGORITHM",


"ID":194
"title":"The Birth of the Propaganda State",
"description":"Peter Kenez's comprehensive study of the Soviet propaganda system, describes how the Bolshevik Party went about reaching the Russian people. Kenez focuses on the experiences of the Russian people. The book is both a major contribution to our understanding of the genius of the Soviet state, and of the nature of propaganda in the twentieth-century.",


"ID":195
"title":"The Big Sort",
"description":"Drawing on intensive research and extensive demographic data, a noted journalist reveals how Americans have been sorting themselves into homogeneous communities over the past three decades, and analyzes the implications of this way-of-life segregation in terms of the cultural, political, and ideological divisiveness and polarization that exists in America today.",


"ID":196
"title":"Health Behavior and Health Education",
"description":"Resources for teaching and learning are posted at tinyurl.com/Glanz4e and www.med.upenn.edu/hbhe4. This fourth edition of the classic book, Health Behavior and Health Education: Theory, Research, and Practice provides a comprehensive, highly accessible, and in-depth analysis of health behavior theories that are most relevant to health education. This essential resource includes the most current information on theory, research, and practice at individual, interpersonal, and community and group levels. This edition includes substantial new content on current and emerging theories of health communication, e-health, culturally diverse communities, health promotion, the impact of stress, the importance of networks and community, social marketing, and evaluation.",


"ID":197
"title":"The Concise Oxford Dictionary of the Christian Church",
"description":"Based on the acclaimed 'Oxford Dictionary of the Christian Church', this is a guide for both students and the general reader. It contains over 5,000 entries, and is suitable for those with an interest in Christianity.",


"ID":198
"description":"“When you were born, you cried while the world rejoiced. Live your life in such a way that when you die, the world cries while you rejoice.” — Ancient Sanskrit saying Does the gem of wisdom quoted above strike a chord deep within you? Do you feel that life is slipping by so fast that you just might never get the chance to live with the meaning, happiness and joy you know you deserve? If so, then this very special book by leadership guru Robin S. Sharma, the author whose Monk Who Sold His Ferrari series has transformed the lives of thousands, will be the guiding light that leads you to a brilliant new way of living. In this easy-to-read yet wisdom-rich manual, Robin S. Sharma offers 101 simple solutions to life’s most complex problems, ranging from a little-known method for beating stress and worry to a powerful way to enjoy the journey while you create a legacy that lasts. Other lessons include “Honor Your Past,” “Start Your Day Well,” “See Troubles as Blessings” and “Discover Your Calling.” If you are finally ready to move beyond a life spent chasing success to one of deep significance, this is the ideal book for you.",
"title":"Who Will Cry When You Die?",


"ID":199
"title":"Spaces of Conflict, Sounds of Solidarity",
"description":"In Spaces of Conflict, Sounds of Solidarity, Gaye Theresa Johnson examines interracial anti-racist alliances, divisions among aggrieved minority communities, and the cultural expressions and spatial politics that emerge from the mutual struggles of Blacks and Chicanos in Los Angeles from the 1940s to the present. Johnson argues that struggles waged in response to institutional and social repression have created both moments and movements in which Blacks and Chicanos have unmasked power imbalances, sought recognition, and forged solidarities by embracing the strategies, cultures, and politics of each others' experiences. At the center of this study is the theory of spatial entitlement: the spatial strategies and vernaculars utilized by working class youth to resist the demarcations of race and class that emerged in the postwar era. In this important new book, Johnson reveals how racial alliances and antagonisms between Blacks and Chicanos in L.A. had spatial as well as racial dimensions.",


"ID":200
"title":"Migra!",
"description":"Reveals the untold history of the United States Border Patrol from its beginnings in 1924 as a small peripheral outfit to its emergence as a large professional police force. This book focuses on the daily challenges of policing the borderlands and bringsto light unexpected partners and forgotten dynamics.--[source unknown].",


"ID":201
"title":"Inside the Third Reich",
"description":"The author presents a detailed account of his fifteen-year association with the German Fuhrer",


"ID":202
"description":"NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • The story of the billionaire trader Steven A. Cohen, the rise and fall of his hedge fund, SAC Capital, and the largest insider trading investigation in history—for readers of The Big Short, Den of Thieves, and Dark Money. The rise over the last two decades of a powerful new class of billionaire financiers marks a singular shift in the American economic and political landscape. Their vast reserves of concentrated wealth have allowed a small group of big winners to write their own rules of capitalism and public policy. How did we get here? Through meticulous reporting and powerful storytelling, New Yorker staff writer Sheelah Kolhatkar shows how Steve Cohen became one of the richest and most influential figures in finance—and what happened when the Justice Department put him in its crosshairs. Cohen and his fellow pioneers of the hedge fund industry didn’t lay railroads, build factories, or invent new technologies. Rather, they made their billions through speculation, by placing bets in the market that turned out to be right more often than wrong—and for this they have gained not only extreme personal wealth but formidable influence throughout society. Hedge funds now manage nearly $3 trillion in assets, and competition between them is so fierce that traders will do whatever they can to get an edge. Cohen was one of the industry’s greatest success stories. He mastered poker in high school, went off to Wharton, and in 1992 launched SAC Capital, which he built into a $15 billion empire, almost entirely on the basis of his wizardlike stock trading. He cultivated an air of mystery, reclusiveness, and extreme excess, building a 35,000 square foot mansion in Greenwich, Connecticut, and amassing one of the largest private art collections in the world. On Wall Street, Cohen was revered as a genius. That image was shattered when SAC became the target of a sprawling, seven-year government investigation. Labeled by prosecutors as a “magnet for market cheaters” whose culture encouraged the relentless hunt for “edge”—and even “black edge,” or inside information—SAC was ultimately indicted in connection with a vast insider trading scheme, even as Cohen himself was never charged. Black Edge offers a revelatory look at the gray zone in which so much of Wall Street functions, and a window into the transformation of the U.S. economy. It’s a riveting, true-life legal thriller that takes readers inside the government’s pursuit of Cohen and his employees, and raises urgent questions about the power and wealth of those who sit at the pinnacle of modern Wall Street. Praise for Black Edge “A modern version of Moby-Dick, with wiretaps rather than harpoons.”—Jennifer Senior, The New York Times “Excellent.”—The Economist “If you liked James B. Stewart’s Den of Thieves, Sheelah Kolhatkar’s thrilling Black Edge should be next on your reading list.”—The Wall Street Journal “A lot of people do not trust Wall Street. They regard it as a moneymaking machine for those who work there, which has little interest in practice in its stated aim of channeling capital into businesses and helping them to grow for the broader benefit of society. For such skeptics, Steven Cohen is Exhibit A.”—John Gapper, Financial Times “A richly reported, entertaining tale about the cat-and-mouse game between the government and Cohen.”—Andrew Ross Sorkin, The New York Times Book Review",
"title":"Black Edge",


"ID":203
"title":"The Law of Success",
"description":"Originally published in 1928, this is the book that began Napoleon Hill's self-help odyssey. Hill queried dozens of people about the keys to their prosperity and organized his findings into 15 principles. Each principle marks a chapter of this book, forming a methodology for employing untapped \"mind-power\" that leads to success.",


"ID":204
"title":"The Art of Multiprocessor Programming",
"description":"Revised and updated with improvements conceived in parallel programming courses, The Art of Multiprocessor Programming is an authoritative guide to multicore programming. It introduces a higher level set of software development skills than that needed for efficient single-core programming. This book provides comprehensive coverage of the new principles, algorithms, and tools necessary for effective multiprocessor programming. Students and professionals alike will benefit from thorough coverage of key multiprocessor programming issues. This revised edition incorporates much-demanded updates throughout the book, based on feedback and corrections reported from classrooms since 2008 Learn the fundamentals of programming multiple threads accessing shared memory Explore mainstream concurrent data structures and the key elements of their design, as well as synchronization techniques from simple locks to transactional memory systems Visit the companion site and download source code, example Java programs, and materials to support and enhance the learning experience",


"ID":205
"title":"Araby",
"description":"A young boy in love with his friend’s sister promises to bring her back a gift from the Araby bazaar when he learns she cannot go. It is only later that night that the boy is able to make it to the bazaar and by the time he arrives, most of the stalls are closed and only late night activities are taking place between young women and men. Critically acclaimed author James Joyce’s Dubliners is a collection of short stories depicting middle-class life in Dublin in the early twentieth century. First published in 1914, the stories draw on themes relevant to the time such as nationalism and Ireland’s national identity, and cement Joyce’s reputation for brutally honest and revealing depictions of everyday Irish life. HarperPerennial Classics brings great works of literature to life in digital format, upholding the highest standards in ebook production and celebrating reading in all its forms. Look for more titles in the HarperPerennial Classics collection to build your digital library.",


"ID":206
"title":"Chinese Gung Fu",
"description":"An exact facsimile edition of Bruce Lee's original book, a rare collector's item first published in 1963. This book includes stances, training and techniques against single and multiple attackers.",


"ID":207
"title":"Stock Investing For Dummies",
"description":"The fast and easy way to grow your stock investments in today's changing market The changes, events and conditions affecting stock investors since the recent economic crisis have been dramatic. Today's economic and financial landscape offers new challenges and opportunities for investors and money managers. This new edition of Stock Investing For Dummies provides you with the information you need to protect and grow your stock investments in today's changing market. Stock Investing For Dummies contains 25 percent new and revised material designed to help investors navigate an ever-changing stock market with: information on ETFs, a safer way to be more diversified in the stock market; new rules, exchanges, and investment vehicles; the latest on the European debt crisis; and much more. Explores how technological changes mean new products, services, and ways of doing business Shows you how to use the latest research and information available Covers how (and why) to protect yourself Stock Investing For Dummies is for anyone new to investing in the stock market who is looking for a trusted, comprehensive reference to make sure their investments grow.",


"ID":208
"title":"Sophie's World",
"description":"The international bestseller about life, the universe and everything. When 14-year-old Sophie encounters a mysterious mentor who introduces her to philosophy, mysteries deepen in her own life. Why does she keep getting postcards addressed to another girl? Who is the other girl? And who, for that matter, is Sophie herself? To solve the riddle, she uses her new knowledge of philosophy, but the truth is far stranger than she could have imagined. A phenomenal worldwide bestseller, SOPHIE'S WORLD sets out to draw teenagers into the world of Socrates, Descartes, Spinoza, Hegel and all the great philosophers. A brilliantly original and fascinating story with many twists and turns, it raises profound questions about the meaning of life and the origin of the universe.",


"ID":209
"title":"Death of a Salesman",
"description":"One of the great popular successes of recent Broadway history, this ingeniously constructed play offers a rare and skillful blending of two priceless theatrical ingredients--gasp-inducing thrills and spontaneous laughter. Dealing with the devious machinati",


"ID":210
"description":"In The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success, Deepak Chopra distills the essence of his teachings into seven simple, yet powerful principles that can easily be applied to create success in all areas of your life. Based on natural laws that govern all of creation, this book shatters the myth that success is the result of hard work, exacting plans, or driving ambition. Instead, Chopra offers a life-altering perspective on the attainment of success: Once we understand our true nature and learn to live in harmony with natural law, a sense of well-being, good health, fulfilling relationships, energy and enthusiasm for life, and material abundance will spring forth easily and effortlessly. Filled with timeless wisdom and practical steps you can apply right away, this is a book you will cherish for a lifetime, for within its pages are the secrets to making all your dreams come true. \"A must-read for anyone who missed The Prophet, by Kahlil Gibran.\" — The New York Times",
"title":"The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success",


"ID":211
"title":"Politics",
"description":"PIETY towards Dr. Jowett, whose munificence has made possible the production of this translation of Aristotle, suggested that no new rendering of the Politics should be attempted, but that his translation should be re-issued. Much valuable work has been done, however, on the Politics since his translation was published in 1885, and of this I have endeavoured, in revising his translation, to take account, while preserving as far as possible the ease and grace of the original rendering. The revised translation is based on Immisch’s edition in the Teubner series (1909), but I have not hesitated to depart from his text where he deserts the MSS. unnecessarily, or where a better emendation seemed possible; all such departures have been indicated in the notes. In particular, I have added one more to the many attempts that have been made to emend the corrupt passage iv. 1300a 23–b 5. Aeterna Press",


"ID":212
"description":"\"You'll not only break the ice, you'll melt it away with your new skills.\" -- Larry King \"The lost art of verbal communication may be revitalized by Leil Lowndes.\" -- Harvey McKay, author of “How to Swim with the Sharks Without Being Eaten Alive” What is that magic quality makes some people instantly loved and respected? Everyone wants to be their friend (or, if single, their lover!) In business, they rise swiftly to the top of the corporate ladder. What is their \"Midas touch?\" What it boils down to is a more skillful way of dealing with people. The author has spent her career teaching people how to communicate for success. In her book How to Talk to Anyone (Contemporary Books, October 2003) Lowndes offers 92 easy and effective sure-fire success techniques-- she takes the reader from first meeting all the way up to sophisticated techniques used by the big winners in life. In this information-packed book you’ll find: 9 ways to make a dynamite first impression 14 ways to master small talk, \"big talk,\" and body language 14 ways to walk and talk like a VIP or celebrity 6 ways to sound like an insider in any crowd 7 ways to establish deep subliminal rapport with anyone 9 ways to feed someone's ego (and know when NOT to!) 11 ways to make your phone a powerful communications tool 15 ways to work a party like a politician works a room 7 ways to talk with tigers and not get eaten alive In her trademark entertaining and straight-shooting style, Leil gives the techniques catchy names so you'll remember them when you really need them, including: \"Rubberneck the Room,\" \"Be a Copyclass,\" \"Come Hither Hands,\" “Bare Their Hot Button,” “The Great Scorecard in the Sky,\" and \"Play the Tombstone Game,” for big success in your social life, romance, and business. How to Talk to Anyone, which is an update of her popular book, Talking the Winner's Way (see the 5-star reviews of the latter) is based on solid research about techniques that work! By the way, don't confuse How to Talk to Anyone with one of Leil's previous books, How to Talk to Anybody About Anything. This one is completely different!",
"title":"How to Talk to Anyone",


"ID":213
"title":"How Brands Become Icons",
"description":"Iconic brands (ie: Coca-Cola, Volkswagon, Corona) have social lives and cultural significance that go well beyond product benefits and features This book distills the strategies used to create the world’s most enduring brands into a new approach called cultural branding\". Brand identity is more critical than ever today, as more and more products compete for attention across an ever-increasing array of channels. This book offers marketers and managers an alternative to conventional branding strategies, which often backfire when companies attempt to create identity brands.",


"ID":214
"title":"The Tragedy of Macbeth (illustrated)",
"description":"A brave Scottish general named Macbeth receives a prophecy from a trio of witches that one day he will become King of Scotland. Consumed by ambition and spurred to action by his wife, Macbeth murders King Duncan and takes the Scottish throne for himself. He is then wracked with guilt and paranoia. Forced to commit more and more murders to protect himself from enmity and suspicion, he soon becomes a tyrannical ruler.",


"ID":215
"title":"Legacies of Colonial English",
"description":"As a result of colonization, many varieties of English now exist around the world. Originally published in 2005, Legacies of Colonial English brings together a team of internationally renowned scholars to discuss the role of British dialects in both the genesis and subsequent history of postcolonial Englishes. Considering the input of Scottish, English and Irish dialects, they closely examine a wide range of Englishes - including those in North and South America, South Africa, Asia, Australia and New Zealand - and explain why many of them still reflect non-standard British usage from the distant past. Complete with a checklist of dialect features, a detailed glossary and set of general references on the topic of postcolonial Englishes, this book will be an invaluable source to scholars and students of English language and linguistics, particularly those interested in sociolinguistics, historical linguistics and dialectology.",


"ID":216
"description":"A New York Times bestseller and “a passionate, urgent” (The New Yorker) examination of the growing inequality gap from the bestselling author of Bowling Alone: why fewer Americans today have the opportunity for upward mobility. Central to the very idea of America is the principle that we are a nation of opportunity. But over the last quarter century we have seen a disturbing “opportunity gap” emerge. We Americans have always believed that those who have talent and try hard will succeed, but this central tenet of the American Dream seems no longer true or at the least, much less true than it was. In Our Kids, Robert Putnam offers a personal and authoritative look at this new American crisis, beginning with the example of his high school class of 1959 in Port Clinton, Ohio. The vast majority of those students went on to lives better than those of their parents. But their children and grandchildren have faced diminishing prospects. Putnam tells the tale of lessening opportunity through poignant life stories of rich, middle class, and poor kids from cities and suburbs across the country, brilliantly blended with the latest social-science research. “A truly masterful volume” (Financial Times), Our Kids provides a disturbing account of the American dream that is “thoughtful and persuasive” (The Economist). Our Kids offers a rare combination of individual testimony and rigorous evidence: “No one can finish this book and feel complacent about equal opportunity” (The New York Times Book Review).",
"title":"Our Kids",


"ID":217
"title":"Caring",
"description":"What is at the basis of moral action? An altruism acquired by the application of rule and principle? Or, as Noddings asserts, caring and the memory of being cared for? With numerous examples to supplement her rich theoretical discussion, Noddings builds a compelling philosophical argument for an ethics based on natural caring, as in the care of a mother for her child. The ethical behavior that grows out of natural caring, and has as its core care-filled receptivity to those involved in any moral situation, leaves behind the rigidity of rule and principle to focus on what is particular and unique in human relations. Noddings's discussion is wide-ranging, as she considers whether organizations, which operate at a remove from the caring relationship, can truly be called ethical. She discusses the extent to which we may truly care for plants, animals, or ideas. Finally, she proposes a realignment of education to encourage and reward not just rationality and trained intelligence, but also enhanced sensitivity in moral matters.",


"ID":218
"title":"On Collective Memory",
"description":"How do we use our mental images of the present to reconstruct our past? Maurice Halbwachs (1877-1945) addressed this question for the first time in his work on collective memory, which established him as a major figure in the history of sociology. This volume, the first comprehensive English-language translation of Halbwach's writings on the social construction of memory, fills a major gap in the literature on the sociology of knowledge. Halbwachs' primary thesis is that human memory can only function within a collective context. Collective memory, Halbwachs asserts, is always selective; various groups of people have different collective memories, which in turn give rise to different modes of behavior. Halbwachs shows, for example, how pilgrims to the Holy Land over the centuries evoked very different images of the events of Jesus' life; how wealthy old families in France have a memory of the past that diverges sharply from that of the nouveaux riches; and how working class construction of reality differ from those of their middle-class counterparts. With a detailed introduction by Lewis A. Coser, this translation will be an indispensable source for new research in historical sociology and cultural memory. Lewis A. Coser is Distinguished Professor of Sociology Emeritus at the State University of New York and Adjunct Professor of Sociology at Boston College.",


"ID":219
"description":"As the application of object technology--particularly the Java programming language--has become commonplace, a new problem has emerged to confront the software development community. Significant numbers of poorly designed programs have been created by less-experienced developers, resulting in applications that are inefficient and hard to maintain and extend. Increasingly, software system professionals are discovering just how difficult it is to work with these inherited, \"non-optimal\" applications. For several years, expert-level object programmers have employed a growing collection of techniques to improve the structural integrity and performance of such existing software programs. Referred to as \"refactoring,\" these practices have remained in the domain of experts because no attempt has been made to transcribe the lore into a form that all developers could use. . .until now. In Refactoring: Improving the Design of Existing Code, renowned object technology mentor Martin Fowler breaks new ground, demystifying these master practices and demonstrating how software practitioners can realize the significant benefits of this new process. With proper training a skilled system designer can take a bad design and rework it into well-designed, robust code. In this book, Martin Fowler shows you where opportunities for refactoring typically can be found, and how to go about reworking a bad design into a good one. Each refactoring step is simple--seemingly too simple to be worth doing. Refactoring may involve moving a field from one class to another, or pulling some code out of a method to turn it into its own method, or even pushing some code up or down a hierarchy. While these individual steps may seem elementary, the cumulative effect of such small changes can radically improve the design. Refactoring is a proven way to prevent software decay. In addition to discussing the various techniques of refactoring, the author provides a detailed catalog of more than seventy proven refactorings with helpful pointers that teach you when to apply them; step-by-step instructions for applying each refactoring; and an example illustrating how the refactoring works. The illustrative examples are written in Java, but the ideas are applicable to any object-oriented programming language.",
"title":"Refactoring",


"ID":220
"title":"I'm Feeling Lucky",
"description":"An early Google director of marketing and brand management discusses the pioneering work of partners Larry Page and Sergey Brin, the evolution of the company's non-hierarchical structure, and the competitive environment through which ideas are developed and implemented.",


"ID":221
"description":"NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • Part love story, part workplace drama, this sharply observed novel is a witty critique of the false judgments we make in a social-media-obsessed world. New York Times bestselling author Sophie Kinsella has written her most timely novel yet. Everywhere Katie Brenner looks, someone else is living the life she longs for, particularly her boss, Demeter Farlowe. Demeter is brilliant and creative, lives with her perfect family in a posh townhouse, and wears the coolest clothes. Katie’s life, meanwhile, is a daily struggle—from her dismal rental to her oddball flatmates to the tense office politics she’s trying to negotiate. No wonder Katie takes refuge in not-quite-true Instagram posts, especially as she's desperate to make her dad proud. Then, just as she’s finding her feet—not to mention a possible new romance—the worst happens. Demeter fires Katie. Shattered but determined to stay positive, Katie retreats to her family’s farm in Somerset to help them set up a vacation business. London has never seemed so far away—until Demeter unexpectedly turns up as a guest. Secrets are spilled and relationships rejiggered, and as the stakes for Katie’s future get higher, she must question her own assumptions about what makes for a truly meaningful life. Sophie Kinsella is celebrated for her vibrant, relatable characters and her great storytelling gifts. Now she returns with all of the wit, warmth, and wisdom that are the hallmarks of her bestsellers to spin this fresh, modern story about presenting the perfect life when the reality is far from the truth. Praise for My Not So Perfect Life “A sparkling, witty novel about social media and the stories we tell ourselves.”—People (Book of the Week) “The soul of this book concerns female friendship. . . . What ensues has a touch of real wisdom [and] will satisfy Kinsella diehards as well as new readers.”—The Washington Post “You’ll relate hard and root harder for Londoner Katie, whose quarterlife crisis feels even worse thanks to the Insta-perfect people all around her.”—Cosmopolitan “A joy to read . . . Themes of friendship, love and living your true life rise to the top.”—USA Today “[There are ] many laugh-out-loud hilarious moments in this feel-good novel about social media and personal branding, and the hectic realities behind our perfect online lives.”—Bustle “Pure escapist fun.”—PopSugar “Sophie Kinsella keeps her finger on the cultural pulse, while leaving me giddy with laughter. I loved it.”—Jojo Moyes “Katie is a winning heroine. . . . Kinsella creates characters that are well-rounded, quirky, and a complete joy to read.”—Kirkus Reviews (starred review) “Driven by Katie’s witty observations and numerous missteps as she attempts to reconcile various aspects of her identity, this novel is smartly satirical and entertaining.”—Publishers Weekly “Another outstanding novel . . . a perfect combination of fun, laughable moments rounded out with some deep-seated family and relationship issues.”—Booklist",
"title":"My Not So Perfect Life",


"ID":222
"title":"The Promise of Happiness",
"description":"The Promise of Happiness is a provocative cultural critique of the imperative to be happy. It asks what follows when we make our desires and even our own happiness conditional on the happiness of others: “I just want you to be happy”; “I’m happy if you’re happy.” Combining philosophy and feminist cultural studies, Sara Ahmed reveals the affective and moral work performed by the “happiness duty,” the expectation that we will be made happy by taking part in that which is deemed good, and that by being happy ourselves, we will make others happy. Ahmed maintains that happiness is a promise that directs us toward certain life choices and away from others. Happiness is promised to those willing to live their lives in the right way. Ahmed draws on the intellectual history of happiness, from classical accounts of ethics as the good life, through seventeenth-century writings on affect and the passions, eighteenth-century debates on virtue and education, and nineteenth-century utilitarianism. She engages with feminist, antiracist, and queer critics who have shown how happiness is used to justify social oppression, and how challenging oppression causes unhappiness. Reading novels and films including Mrs. Dalloway, The Well of Loneliness, Bend It Like Beckham, and Children of Men, Ahmed considers the plight of the figures who challenge and are challenged by the attribution of happiness to particular objects or social ideals: the feminist killjoy, the unhappy queer, the angry black woman, and the melancholic migrant. Through her readings she raises critical questions about the moral order imposed by the injunction to be happy.",


"ID":223
"title":"Behavioral Science",
"description":"The Board Review Series (BRS) is aimed at providing basic knowledge as it relates to clinical situations and is used primarily by medical students studying for the United States Medical Licensing Examinations (USMLE). BRS Behavioral Science, Fifth Edition covers material on this subject that is addressed on USMLE Step 1, written in outline format to provide an efficient method of studying behavioral science for USMLE. The book includes at least 500 USMLE-style questions with accompanying annotated answers. An exam follows each chapter and a Comprehensive Exam is included at the end of the book. A companion Website will offer the fully searchable text and an interactive question bank.",


"ID":224
"title":"Concise Oxford English Dictionary",
"description":"This centenary edition of the world-famous Concise Oxford English Dictionary on CD-ROM presents the most accurate picture of English today.",


"ID":225
"title":"Qualitative Research Methods",
"description":"Qualitative Research Methods is a comprehensive, all-inclusive resource for the theory and practice of qualitative/ethnographic research methodology. Serves as a “how-to” guide for qualitative/ethnographic research, detailing how to design a project, conduct interviews and focus groups, interpret and analyze data, and represent it in a compelling manner Demonstrates how qualitative data can be systematically utilized to address pressing personal, organizational, and social problems Written in an engaging style, with in-depth examples from the author’s own practice Comprehensive companion website includes sample syllabi, lesson plans, a list of helpful website links, test bank and exam review materials, and exercises and worksheets, available upon publication at www.wiley.com/go/tracy",


"ID":226
"title":"No, David!",
"description":"In an autobiographical picture book by the creator of A Bad Case of Stripes, a mischievous boy is depicted doing a variety of naughty things for which he is repeatedly admonished, but finally he gets a hug.",


"ID":227
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":228
"title":"Negara",
"description":"Combining great learning, interpretative originality, analytical sensitivity, and a charismatic prose style, Clifford Geertz has produced a lasting body of work with influence throughout the humanities and social sciences, and remains the foremost anthropologist in America. His 1980 book Negara analyzed the social organization of Bali before it was colonized by the Dutch in 1906. Here Geertz applied his widely influential method of cultural interpretation to the myths, ceremonies, rituals, and symbols of a precolonial state. He found that the nineteenth-century Balinese state defied easy conceptualization by the familiar models of political theory and the standard Western approaches to understanding politics. Negara means \"country\" or \"seat of political authority\" in Indonesian. In Bali Geertz found negara to be a \"theatre state,\" governed by rituals and symbols rather than by force. The Balinese state did not specialize in tyranny, conquest, or effective administration. Instead, it emphasized spectacle. The elaborate ceremonies and productions the state created were \"not means to political ends: they were the ends themselves, they were what the state was for.... Power served pomp, not pomp power.\" Geertz argued more forcefully in Negara than in any of his other books for the fundamental importance of the culture of politics to a society. Much of Geertz's previous work--including his world-famous essay on the Balinese cockfight--can be seen as leading up to the full portrait of the \"poetics of power\" that Negara so vividly depicts.",


"ID":229
"description":"This book is a comprehensive study of cooperation among the advanced capitalist countries. Can cooperation persist without the dominance of a single power, such as the United States after World War II? To answer this pressing question, Robert Keohane analyzes the institutions, or \"international regimes,\" through which cooperation has taken place in the world political economy and describes the evolution of these regimes as American hegemony has eroded. Refuting the idea that the decline of hegemony makes cooperation impossible, he views international regimes not as weak substitutes for world government but as devices for facilitating decentralized cooperation among egoistic actors. In the preface the author addresses the issue of cooperation after the end of the Soviet empire and with the renewed dominance of the United States, in security matters, as well as recent scholarship on cooperation.",
"title":"After Hegemony",


"ID":230
"title":"Ficciones",
"description":"Short narratives probe man's soul to reveal his conflicting emotions, motives, and desires and his tortured struggle for salvation",


"ID":231
"title":"Effective Java",
"description":"Are you looking for a deeper understanding of the Java™ programming language so that you can write code that is clearer, more correct, more robust, and more reusable? Look no further! Effective Java™, Second Edition, brings together seventy-eight indispensable programmer’s rules of thumb: working, best-practice solutions for the programming challenges you encounter every day. This highly anticipated new edition of the classic, Jolt Award-winning work has been thoroughly updated to cover Java SE 5 and Java SE 6 features introduced since the first edition. Bloch explores new design patterns and language idioms, showing you how to make the most of features ranging from generics to enums, annotations to autoboxing. Each chapter in the book consists of several “items” presented in the form of a short, standalone essay that provides specific advice, insight into Java platform subtleties, and outstanding code examples. The comprehensive descriptions and explanations for each item illuminate what to do, what not to do, and why. Highlights include: New coverage of generics, enums, annotations, autoboxing, the for-each loop, varargs, concurrency utilities, and much more Updated techniques and best practices on classic topics, including objects, classes, libraries, methods, and serialization How to avoid the traps and pitfalls of commonly misunderstood subtleties of the language Focus on the language and its most fundamental libraries: java.lang, java.util, and, to a lesser extent, java.util.concurrent and java.io Simply put, Effective Java™, Second Edition, presents the most practical, authoritative guidelines available for writing efficient, well-designed programs.",


"ID":232
"description":"This Independence Day edition of The World is Flat 3.0 includes an an exclusive preview of That Used to Be Us: How America Fell Behind in the World It Invented and How We Can Come Back, by Thomas L. Friedman and Michael Mandelbaum, on sale September 5th, 2011. A New Edition of the Phenomenal #1 Bestseller \"One mark of a great book is that it makes you see things in a new way, and Mr. Friedman certainly succeeds in that goal,\" the Nobel laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz wrote in The New York Times reviewing The World Is Flat in 2005. In this new edition, Thomas L. Friedman includes fresh stories and insights to help us understand the flattening of the world. Weaving new information into his overall thesis, and answering the questions he has been most frequently asked by parents across the country, this third edition also includes two new chapters--on how to be a political activist and social entrepreneur in a flat world; and on the more troubling question of how to manage our reputations and privacy in a world where we are all becoming publishers and public figures. The World Is Flat 3.0 is an essential update on globalization, its opportunities for individual empowerment, its achievements at lifting millions out of poverty, and its drawbacks--environmental, social, and political, powerfully illuminated by the Pulitzer Prize--winning author of The Lexus and the Olive Tree.",
"title":"The World Is Flat 3.0",


"ID":233
"title":"The Declaration of Independence",
"description":"The text of the Declaration of Independence is accompanied by engaging illustrations meant to help explain the meaning of this important document.",


"ID":234
"title":"How to Become an Alpha Male",
"description":"Dubbed \"The lazy man's way to easy sex and romance with 20 or more women a month,\" How to Become an Alpha Male is the no-risk, never-fail blueprint on how to 'magnetically' attract an endless flow of horny, ready-for-sex women to you... without ever having to play their games or deal with rejection. Sold as an ebook at AlphaMaleMethod.com, John Alexander's guide is now available, for the first time ever, as a hardcopy book. You see, once you have these secrets all the 'work' of meeting women will be done for you... automatically! You can just 'flip on' your magnetic powers of attraction... so to speak... and instantly bring sex, romance and more roaring into your life! Why does the Alpha Male Method work so well? Because it's based on the same hush-hush psychological tactics advertisers have used for centuries to get filthy rich. They work for anyone, anywhere and at any time (no matter how desperate your situation is right now).",


"ID":235
"title":"See Ya Later",
"description":"Alright guys? It's me, Arron. Or as some people call me, 'that guy with the phone, the skinny jeans and the really fat head'. In a world that seems to be freefalling without a parachute towards utter chaos, I'm here to remind you that when life gives you lemons, make lemonade. No, in fact, when life gives you lemons, make a fool out of yourself in the lemonade aisle.* Because there's more to life than Brexit, Bake Off and banging on about being vegan. Yes, with this book - which is my take on the world - you will learn how to survive a proper lads' holiday, become a master in the art of takeaway ordering and find out about the pitfalls of seriously inappropriate tattoos. So do yourself a favour: turn off the news, cancel that juice cleanse, open your eyes to the brilliant, hilarious world we live in and most importantly . . . buy this book. SEE YA LATER! Arron x *Actually, don't do exactly that, that's my thing.",


"ID":236
"title":"Stig of the Dump",
"description":"A Puffin Book - stories that last a lifetime. Puffin Modern Classics are relaunched under a new logo: A Puffin Book. There are 20 titles to collect in the series, listed below, all with exciting new covers and fun-filled endnotes. Clive King's Stig of the Dump is a much-loved modern classic. It is the story of Barney and his best friend, cave-man Stig. Barney is a solitary little boy, given to wandering off by himself. One day he is lying on the edge of a disused chalk-pit when it gives way and he lands in a sort of cave. Here he meets 'somebody with a lot of shaggy hair and two bright black eyes' wearing a rabbit skin and speaking in grunts. He names him Stig. Of course nobody believes Barney when he tells his family all about Stig, but for Barney cave-man Stig is totally real. They become great friends, learning each others ways and embarking on a series of unforgettable adventures. Clive King was born in Richmond, Surrey, in 1924. When he was young his family moved to a village called Ash, near Sevenoaks in Kent, which is the setting for Stig of the Dump. He went to Downing College, Cambridge, and the School of Oriental and African Studies in London. He then served in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve. His service as a sailor and his work as a language teacher took him all over the world. Clive King lives with his family in Norfolk and is a full-time writer. Other titles by Clive King: Hamid of Aleppo; The Town that Went South; The 22 Letters; The Night the Water Came; Snakes and Snakes; Me and My Million; The Inner Ring series; The Devil's Cut; Ninny's Boat; The Sound of propellors; The Seashore People; A Touch of Class",


"ID":237
"title":"All the Light We Cannot See",
"description":"WINNER OF THE 2015 PULITZER PRIZE FOR FICTION NATIONAL BOOK AWARD FINALIST NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER WINNER OF THE CARNEGIE MEDAL FOR FICTION A beautiful, stunningly ambitious novel about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II",


"ID":238
"title":"A Study in Scarlet",
"description":"Bringing together Sherlock Holmes, the master of science detection, and John H Watson, the great detective's faithful chronicler, this novel not only establishes the magic of the Holmes myth but also provides the reader with a dramatic adventure yarn which ranges from the foggy, gas-lit streets of London to the burning plains of Utah.",


"ID":239
"title":"The Adventures of Oliver Twist",
"description":"At the heart of Charles Dickens's second novel, first published in 1838, is a story as much about crime and poverty as it is about justice and charity. Orphaned at birth, Oliver Twist grows up under the loveless, relentless watch of a workhouse. He runs away with hopes for a better life in London, only to become--at the hands of the unforgettable Artful Dodger--a guileless pawn in a gang of pickpockets and robbers working for Fagin, one of Dickens's most controversial villains. Full of ingenious plot twists, at turns thrilling, tragic, tender, and sharp-eyed, The Adventures of Oliver Twist is among Dickens's most enduring classics. This is a free digital copy of a book that has been carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. To make this print edition available as an ebook, we have extracted the text using Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology and submitted it to a review process to ensure its accuracy and legibility across different screen sizes and devices. Google is proud to partner with libraries to make this book available to readers everywhere.",


"ID":240
"title":"Bates' Guide to Physical Examination and History-Taking",
"description":"With the 11th edition, focus turns back to the student in nurse practitioner, physician's assistant, and medical programs. The text continues be a trusted reference for nursing and medical students as well as practitioners. The art program has been revised to bring greater consistency and currency to the illustrations. Many photographs, particularly those depicting skin conditions, are being replaced with newer photos of higher quality. The well-respected and highly useful layout and organization of the book are retained. Each chapter has been reviewed and revised to keep the text up-to-date. The following features, long admired among dedicated Bates' users are also retained: · Detailed, beautifully depicted Tables of Abnormalities · Extensive Pediatric chapter · Illustrated Anatomy and Physiology review begins each chapter · Important information on Interviewing Techniques and Patient Communication · Outstanding line art program · Two-column format as guide for physical assessment · Useful Clinical tips throughout The ancillary assets are also being updated to redirect the focus toward higher level nursing students and medical students.",


"ID":241
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":242
"title":"Only Yesterday",
"description":"Recreates the social, political, and economic scene of the 1920s in America",


"ID":243
"title":"The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism",
"description":"The Protestant ethic — a moral code stressing hard work, rigorous self-discipline, and the organization of one's life in the service of God — was made famous by sociologist and political economist Max Weber. In this brilliant study (his best-known and most controversial), he opposes the Marxist concept of dialectical materialism and its view that change takes place through \"the struggle of opposites.\" Instead, he relates the rise of a capitalist economy to the Puritan determination to work out anxiety over salvation or damnation by performing good deeds — an effort that ultimately discouraged belief in predestination and encouraged capitalism. Weber's classic study has long been required reading in college and advanced high school social studies classrooms.",


"ID":244
"title":"Creo Simulate Tutorial Release 1.0 & 2.0",
"description":"Creo Simulate Tutorial Releases 1.0 & 2.0 introduces new users to finite element analysis using Creo Simulate and how it can be used to analyze a variety of problems. The tutorial lessons cover the major concepts and frequently used commands required to progress from a novice to an intermediate user level. The commands are presented in a click-by-click manner using simple examples and exercises that illustrate a broad range of the analysis types that can be performed. In addition to showing the command usage, the text will explain why certain commands are being used and, where appropriate, the relation of commands to the overall Finite Element Analysis (FEA) philosophy are explained. Moreover, since error analysis is an important skill, considerable time is spent exploring the created models so that users will become comfortable with the “debugging” phase of modeling. This textbook is written for first-time FEA users in general and Creo Simulate users in particular. After a brief introduction to finite element modeling, the tutorial introduces the major concepts behind the use of Creo Simulate to perform Finite Element Analysis of parts. These include: modes of operation, element types, design studies (analysis, sensitivity studies, organization), and the major steps for setting up a model (materials, loads, constraints, analysis type), studying convergence of the solution, and viewing the results. Both 2D and 3D problems are treated. This tutorial deals exclusively with operation in integrated mode with Creo Parametric. It is suitable for use with both Releases 1.0 and 2.0 of Creo Simulate.",


"ID":245
"title":"Diversity and Evolutionary Biology of Tropical Flowers",
"description":"A unique account of the structure, biology and evolution of tropical flowering plants.",


"ID":246
"title":"Healing Arts",
"description":"As well as providing an authoritative history of art therapy, it covers such diverse topics as the philosophy of art therapy, the way attitudes to insanity have changed, the role of art therapy in the context of post-war rehabilitation and the treatment of tuberculosis patients, Surrealism, and Britain's first therapeutic community.",


"ID":247
"title":"How To Win Friends and Influence People",
"description":"Provides a new hardcover edition of the classic best-selling self-help book, which includes principles that can be applied to both business and life itself, in a book that focuses on how to best affectively communicate with people.",


"ID":248
"title":"Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies",
"description":"\"Fascinating.... Lays a foundation for understanding human history.\"—Bill Gates In this \"artful, informative, and delightful\" (William H. McNeill, New York Review of Books) book, Jared Diamond convincingly argues that geographical and environmental factors shaped the modern world. Societies that had had a head start in food production advanced beyond the hunter-gatherer stage, and then developed religion --as well as nasty germs and potent weapons of war --and adventured on sea and land to conquer and decimate preliterate cultures. A major advance in our understanding of human societies, Guns, Germs, and Steel chronicles the way that the modern world came to be and stunningly dismantles racially based theories of human history. Winner of the Pulitzer Prize, the Phi Beta Kappa Award in Science, the Rhone-Poulenc Prize, and the Commonwealth club of California's Gold Medal.",


"ID":249
"title":"Just Enough Software Architecture",
"description":"This practical guide seeks to make architecture relevant to all software developers. Developers need to understand how to use constraints as guiderails that ensure desired outcomes, and how seemingly small changes can affect a system's properties.",


"ID":250
"title":"The World in Depression, 1929-1939",


"ID":251
"title":"Valuation",
"description":"The University Edition of Valuation 4e offers students and professors up-to-date information on valuing companies. It contains all the revisions of the main edition, plus end of chapter questions for the needs of the classroom.",


"ID":252
"title":"The Great Gatsby",
"description":"Generally considered to be F. Scott Fitzgerald's finest novel, The Great Gatsby is a consummate summary of the \"roaring twenties\", and a devastating expose of the \"Jazz Age\". Through the narration of Nick Carraway, the reader is taken into the superficially glittering world of the mansions which lined the Long Island shore in the 1920s, to encounter Nick's cousin Daisy, her brash but wealthy husband Tom Buchanan, Jay Gatsby and the mystery that surrounds him.",


"ID":253
"title":"Mr Stink",
"description":"The second original, touching, twisted, and most of all hilarious novel for children from David Walliams, number one bestseller and fastest growing children’s author in the country – beautifully illustrated by Quentin Blake.",


"ID":254
"title":"Fundamentals of Physics Extended",
"description":"This book arms engineers with the tools to apply key physics concepts in the field. A number of the key figures in the new edition are revised to provide a more inviting and informative treatment. The figures are broken into component parts with supporting commentary so that they can more readily see the key ideas. Material from The Flying Circus is incorporated into the chapter opener puzzlers, sample problems, examples and end-of-chapter problems to make the subject more engaging. Checkpoints enable them to check their understanding of a question with some reasoning based on the narrative or sample problem they just read. Sample Problems also demonstrate how engineers can solve problems with reasoned solutions.",


"ID":255
"title":"One of Us Is Lying",
"description":"“Pretty Little Liars meets The Breakfast Club” (EW.com) in this “flat-out addictive” (RT Book Reviews) story of what happens when five strangers walk into detention and only four walk out alive. Pay close attention and you might solve this. On Monday afternoon, five students at Bayview High walk into detention. Bronwyn, the brain, is Yale-bound and never breaks a rule. Addy, the beauty, is the picture-perfect homecoming princess. Nate, the criminal, is already on probation for dealing. Cooper, the athlete, is the all-star baseball pitcher. And Simon, the outcast, is the creator of Bayview High’s notorious gossip app. Only, Simon never makes it out of that classroom. Before the end of detention Simon's dead. And according to investigators, his death wasn’t an accident. On Monday, he died. But on Tuesday, he’d planned to post juicy reveals about all four of his high-profile classmates, which makes all four of them suspects in his murder. Or are they the perfect patsies for a killer who’s still on the loose? Everyone has secrets, right? What really matters is how far you would go to protect them. An EW.com Selection for the Book You Have to Read in May A Bustle.com Best Young Adult Book of May 2017 A Popcrush Most Anticipated Young Adult Book of May 2017 “You’ll tear through this juicy, super-fun (if murder can ever be fun?) thriller.\"—Bustle.com “An addictive, devour-in-one-sitting thriller with so many twists and turns you'll be wondering until the very end: Who really killed Simon?”—Kara Thomas, author of The Darkest Corners and Little Monsters ★\"[As] McManus's intense mystery unfolds...each character becomes more complex and nuanced, adding richness and depth to the suspense.\" —VOYA, Starred Review \"This fast-paced blend of Gossip Girl, Pretty Little Liars, and classic John Hughes will leave readers racing to the finish as the try to unravel the mystery on their own.\"—Kirkus Reviews",


"ID":256
"description":"Hansen solubility parameters (HSPs) are used to predict molecular affinities, solubility, and solubility-related phenomena. Revised and updated throughout, Hansen Solubility Parameters: A User's Handbook, Second Edition features the three Hansen solubility parameters for over 1200 chemicals and correlations for over 400 materials including polymers, inorganic salts, and biological materials. To update his groundbreaking handbook with the latest advances and perspectives, Charles M. Hansen has invited five renowned experts to share their work, theories, and practical applications involving HSPs. New discussions include a new statistical thermodynamics approach for confirming existing HSPs and how they fit into other thermodynamic theories for polymer solutions. Entirely new chapters examine the prediction of environmental stress cracking as well as absorption and diffusion in polymers. Highlighting recent findings on interactions with DNA, the treatment of biological materials also includes skin tissue, proteins, natural fibers, and cholesterol. The book also covers the latest applications of HSPs, such as ozone-safe “designer” solvents, protective clothing, drug delivery systems, and petroleum applications. Presenting a comprehensive survey of the theoretical and practical aspects of HSPs, Hansen Solubility Parameters, Second Edition concludes with a detailed discussion on the necessary research, future directions, and potential applications for which HSPs can provide a useful means of prediction in areas such as biological materials, controlled release applications, nanotechnology, and self-assembly.",
"title":"Hansen Solubility Parameters",


"ID":257
"title":"We Are What We Eat",
"description":"Presents a history of ethnic foods and American eating habits, from the 1600s to the present, and follows the fortunes of dozens of immigrant cooks, grocers, street hawkers, and restaurateurs",


"ID":258
"title":"Legend",
"description":"Legend is the much-anticipated dystopian thriller debut from US author, Marie Lu. THE must-read dystopian thriller fiction for all teen fans of The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins and Divergent by Veronica Roth. A brilliant re-imagining of Les Miserables, the series is set to be a global film sensation as CBS films have acquired rights to the trilogy. The Twilight Saga producers, Marty Bowen and Wyck Godfrey, will produce. Los Angeles, California Republic of America He is Day. The boy who walks in the light. She is June. The girl who seeks her brother's killer. On the run and undercover, they meet by chance. Irresistably drawn together, neither knows the other's past. But Day murdered June's brother. And she has sworn to avenge his death. Dystopian fiction at its very best in this thrilling instalment in the Legend trilogy. Praise for Legend: 'If you loved The Hunger Games, you'll love this.' - Sarah Rees-Brennan, author of The Demon's Lexicon 'A fine example of commercial fiction with razor-sharp plotting, depth of character and emotional arc, 'Legend' doesn't merely survive the hype, it deserves it.' - New York Times 'Marie Lu's dystopian novel is a 'Legend' in the making.' - USA Today 'Legend is impossible to put down and even harder to forget.' - Kami Garcia, author of New York Times bestselling author of film sensation, Beautiful Creatures",


"ID":259
"title":"The New Military Humanism",
"description":"'A powerful and convincing alternative framework for understanding the NATO war on Yugoslavia.' Edward S. Herman'Thank God for Noam Chomsky ... Ruthless in his analysis of Nato's lies, relentless in his emphasis on the parallels between Kosovo, Central America and Turkey, he believes that this year's bombardment of Serbia undermines what is left of international law.' Robert Fisk, The IndependentThe crisis in Kosovo has excited passion and visionary exaltation of a kind rarely witnessed. The events have been portrayed as a 'New Humanism', timed fortuitously with a new millennium, which will displace the crass and narrow interest politics of a mean-spirited past.But is this New Humanism guided by power interests or by humanitarian concern? Is the resort to force undertaken 'in the name of principles and values', as professed? Or are we witnessing something more crass and familiar?The New Military Humanism is Chomsky at his best: a brilliant and revealing analysis, offering lessons for us all and sounding a clear alarm which none should ignore.",


"ID":260
"title":"Raids on the Unspeakable",
"description":"Essays, meditations, parables, and verse offer insights into the absurdities and disorders of the modern world, the human crisis, and the benefits of Christian hope",


"ID":261
"title":"Can the Subaltern Speak?",
"description":"Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak's 1988 essay Can the Subaltern Speak? introduced questions of gender and sexual difference into analyses of representation and offering a profound critique of both subaltern history and radical Western philosophy. Spivak's eloquent and uncompromising arguments engaged with more than just power, politics, and the postcolonial. They confronted the methods of deconstruction, the contemporary relevance of Marxism, the international division of labor, and capitalism's worlding of the world, calling attention to the historical and ideological factors that efface the possibility of being heard. Since the publication of Spivak's essay, the work has been revered, reviled, misread, and misappropriated. It has been cited, invoked, imitated, and critiqued. In these phenomenal essays, eight scholars take stock of this response. They begin by contextualizing the piece within the development of subaltern and postcolonial studies and the quest for human rights, and then they think with Spivak's essay about historical problems of subalternity, voicing, and death. A final section situates Spivak's work in the contemporary world, particularly through readings of new international divisions of labor and the politics of silence among indigenous women of Guatemala and Mexico. In an afterword, Spivak herself looks at the interpretations of her essay and its future incarnations, while specifying some of the questions and histories that remain secreted in the original and revised versions of Can the Subaltern Speak? -- both of which are reprinted in this book.",


"ID":262
"title":"Qualitative Data Analysis",
"description":"The Third Edition of Miles & Huberman's classic research methods text is updated and streamlined by Johnny Saldaña, author of The Coding Manual for Qualitative Researchers. Several of the data display strategies from previous editions are now presented in re-envisioned and reorganized formats to enhance reader accessibility and comprehension. The Third Edition’s presentation of the fundamentals of research design and data management is followed by five distinct methods of analysis: exploring, describing, ordering, explaining, and predicting. Miles and Huberman's original research studies are profiled and accompanied with new examples from Saldaña's recent qualitative work. The book's most celebrated chapter, \"Drawing and Verifying Conclusions,\" is retained and revised, and the chapter on report writing has been greatly expanded, and is now called “Writing About Qualitative Research.” Comprehensive and authoritative, Qualitative Data Analysis has been elegantly revised for a new generation of qualitative researchers.",


"ID":263
"title":"Directing",
"description":"This comprehensive manual has inspired tens of thousands of readers worldwide to realize their artistic vision and produce well-constructed films. Filled with practical advice on every stage of production, this is the book you will return to throughout your career. Directing covers the methods, technologies, thought processes, and judgments that a director must use throughout the fascinating process of making a film. It emphasizes low-cost digital technology, which allows cutting-edge creativity and professionalism on shoestring budgets. And, recognizing that you learn best by doing, the book includes dozens of practical hands-on projects and activities to help you master technical and conceptual skills. Just as important as surmounting technological hurdles is the conceptual and authorial side of filmmaking. This book provides an unusually clear view of the artistic process, particularly in working with actors. It offers eminently practical tools and exercises to help you develop credible and compelling stories with your cast, hone your narrative skills, and develop your artistic identity. This book shows you how to surpass mere technical proficiency and become a storyteller with a distinctive voice and style. The companion web site includes teaching notes, hands-on exercises, checklists, and useful forms and questionnaires. * Updated and revised edition of the bestselling, most comprehensive guide to the technical and creative aspects of film directing: a complete education in a book * Loaded with practical exercises and immersive projects, with a companion website featuring teaching notes, hands-on exercises, checklists, and useful forms and questionnaires * Expanded sections on pre-production, lenses, the emotional and tonal implications of shot size, composition, perspective, visual and sound proximity, and screencraft--the core of the director's art * Completely updated and expanded film examples and references, including classics, recent indie films, and foreign films",


"ID":264
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":265
"description":"From the author of How the World Moves: A revelatory new look at the hallowed, diverse, and threatened landscapes of the American Indian For thousands of years , Native Americans have told stories about the powers of revered landscapes and sought spiritual direction at mysterious places in their homelands. In this important book, respected scholar and anthropologist Peter Nabokov writes of a wide range of sacred places in Native America. From the “high country” of California to Tennessee’s Tellico Valley, from the Black Hills of South Dakota to Rainbow Canyon in Arizona, each chapter delves into the relationship between Indian cultures and their environments and describes the myths and legends, practices, and rituals that sustained them. From the Trade Paperback edition.",
"title":"Where the Lightning Strikes",


"ID":266
"title":"The I Ching",
"description":"One of the most important books in the history of Oriental culture, the I Ching proposes that all things happening at a specific time have certain characteristic features which can be isolated.",


"ID":267
"title":"The Other Slavery",
"description":"“Long-awaited and important . . . No other book before has so thoroughly related the broad history of Indian slavery in the Americas.”—San Francisco Chronicle “A necessary work . . . [Reséndez’s] reportage will likely surprise you.”—NPR “One of the most profound contributions to North American history.”—Los Angeles Times Since the time of Columbus, Indian slavery was illegal in much of the American continent. Yet, as Andrés Reséndez illuminates in his myth-shattering The Other Slavery, it was practiced for centuries as an open secret. There was no abolitionist movement to protect the tens of thousands of Natives who were kidnapped and enslaved by the conquistadors. Reséndez builds the incisive case that it was mass slavery—more than epidemics—that decimated Indian populations across North America. Through riveting new evidence, including testimonies of courageous priests, rapacious merchants, and Indian captives, The Other Slavery reveals nothing less than a key missing piece of American history. For over two centuries we have fought over, abolished, and tried to come to grips with African American slavery. It is time for the West to confront an entirely separate, equally devastating enslavement we have long failed truly to see. “Beautifully written . . . A tour de force.”—Chronicle of Higher Education",


"ID":268
"title":"Historical Perspectives on Climate Change",
"description":"This intriguing volume provides a thorough examination of the historical roots of global climate change as a field of inquiry, from the Enlightenment to the late twentieth century. Based on primary and archival sources, the book is filled with interesting perspectives on what people have understood, experienced, and feared about the climate and its changes in the past. Chapters explore climate and culture in Enlightenment thought; climate debates in early America; the development of international networks of observation; the scientific transformation of climate discourse; and early contributions to understanding terrestrial temperature changes, infrared radiation, and the carbon dioxide theory of climate. But perhaps most important, this book shows what a study of the past has to offer the interdisciplinary investigation of current environmental problems.",


"ID":269
"title":"Don Quixote",
"description":"Don Quixote is a Spanish novel by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra. Published in two volumes, in 1605 and 1615, Don Quixote is considered one of the most influential works of literature from the Spanish Golden Age and the entire Spanish literary canon. As a founding work of modern Western literature and one of the earliest canonical novels, it regularly appears high on lists of the greatest works of fiction ever published, such as the Bokklubben World Library collection that cites Don Quixote as authors' choice for the \"best literary work ever written\". It follows the adventures of a nameless hidalgo who reads so many chivalric romances that he loses his sanity and decides to set out to revive chivalry, undo wrongs, and bring justice to the world, under the name Don Quixote. He recruits a simple farmer, Sancho Panza, as his squire, who often employs a unique, earthy wit in dealing with Don Quixote's rhetorical orations on antiquated knighthood. Don Quixote, in the first part of the book, does not see the world for what it is and prefers to imagine that he is living out a knightly story. Throughout the novel, Cervantes uses such literary techniques as realism, metatheatre, and intertextuality. It had a major influence on the literary community, as evidenced by direct references in Alexandre Dumas' The Three Musketeers (1844), Mark Twain's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1884) and Edmond Rostand's Cyrano de Bergerac (1897), as well as the word \"quixotic\". Arthur Schopenhauer cited Don Quixote as one of the four greatest novels ever written, along with Tristram Shandy, La Nouvelle Héloïse and Wilhelm Meister.",


"ID":270
"title":"Advanced Biology",
"description":"Written by an experienced author and teacher of students with a wide range of abilities, Advanced Biology will spark interest and motivate A-Level students.",


"ID":271
"title":"The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane",
"description":"A classic tale by Newbery Medalist Kate DiCamillo, America’s beloved storyteller. Once, in a house on Egypt Street, there lived a china rabbit named Edward Tulane. The rabbit was very pleased with himself, and for good reason: he was owned by a girl named Abilene, who adored him completely. And then, one day, he was lost. . . . Kate DiCamillo takes us on an extraordinary journey, from the depths of the ocean to the net of a fisherman, from the bedside of an ailing child to the bustling streets of Memphis. Along the way, we are shown a miracle – that even a heart of the most breakable kind can learn to love, to lose, and to love again. Featuring illustrations and a refreshed cover by Bagram Ibatoulline, as well as an excerpt of Kate DiCamillo's newest novel, Raymie Nightingale.",


"ID":272
"title":"Dreamtigers",
"description":"Poems, stories, and personal reflections reveal the interwoven existence of imagination and reality in the mind of the South American writer",


"ID":273
"title":"Shakespearean Tragedy",
"description":"In This Book Bradley Approaches The Major Tragedies Of Shakespeare Through An Extended Study Of The Characters, Who Were Presented As Personalities Independent Of Their Place In The Plays. Though His Approach Has Been Questioned Since The 1930S, The Work Is Considered A Classical Masterpiece And Is Still Widely Read.The Book Studies In Detail Four Tragedies Of Shakespeare, Namely, Hamlet, Othello, King Lear And Macbeth. But Much That Is Said On The Main Preliminary Subjects Holds Good, Within Certain Limits, Of Other Dramas Of Shakespeare. Of Course, It Will Apply To These Other Works Only In Part, And To Some Of Them More Fully Than To Others.",


"ID":274
"description":"Dr. William Glasser offers a new psychology that, if practiced, could reverse our widespread inability to get along with one another, an inability that is the source of almost all unhappiness. For progress in human relationships, he explains that we must give up the punishing, relationship–destroying external control psychology. For example, if you are in an unhappy relationship right now, he proposes that one or both of you could be using external control psychology on the other. He goes further. And suggests that misery is always related to a current unsatisfying relationship. Contrary to what you may believe, your troubles are always now, never in the past. No one can change what happened yesterday.",
"title":"Choice Theory",


"ID":275
"title":"A Christmas carol in prose, being a ghost story of Christmas",
"description":"“A national benefit and to every man or woman who reads it, a personal kindness.” --William Makepeace Thackeray The Western world typically thinks of Christmas as having a singular origin, away in a manger, but when you look at how the holiday is celebrated today, it’s hard to see a more powerful progenitor than Charles Dickens’s A Christmas Carol. First published on December 17, 1843 as a novella, the story bestowed on Christmas its rich and complicated social character. Ebenezer’s epic Christmas Eve illustrates both the joy to be found in friends, family, and festive gatherings... and the dangers of letting such happiness and privilege blind you to the lives of the less fortunate. The story is a product of its time, a response to the ills of Victorian-era industrialization and the desire for tradition, but you only need to look at how varied the adaptations of A Christmas Carol have become--on stage, in film, and in song--to know that it is truly timeless. This exclusive edition of A Christmas Carol in Prose: Being a Ghost Story of Christmas is one adaptation not to miss. It is a scanned volume of the original novella--complete with original spooky title--enhanced with new illustrations and narration by artist and musician Jon Langford. Here Langford imagines the story as a stage production put on by a small West Yorkshire theater in 1916. Download it for free to see--and hear--each of the four ghosts as an early 20th century audience might have.",


"ID":276
"title":"The New York Irish",
"description":"When Ellis Island opened in 1892, nearly four million Irish men and women had already made the journey to America. By the 1990s, Ireland had sent another million or more. New York has been both port of entry and home to the Irish for three centuries. During that time, America's premier city has undergone massive changes, and the Irish—one of the country's oldest ethnic groups—have played a vital part in its history. The New York Irish tackles subjects like the medicalization of anti-immigrant prejudice; entrepreneurship in business; the impact of music and language on ethnic social life; the effect of nationalist movements on local politics; the dynamics of Irish relations with African-Americans, Chinese, and Dominicans; the battle for freedom of religious expression; and the problem of illegal immigration. It offers a fresh perspective on an immigrant people's encounter with the famed metropolis. A joint project of the Irish Institute and the New York Irish History Roundtable",


"ID":277
"title":"Nuclear Fear",
"description":"Our thinking is inhabited by images-images of sometimes curious and overwhelming power. The mushroom cloud, weird rays that can transform the flesh, the twilight world following a nuclear war, the white city of the future, the brilliant but mad scientist who plots to destroy the world-all these images and more relate to nuclear energy, but that is not their only common bond. Decades before the first atom bomb exploded, a web of symbols with surprising linkages was fully formed in the public mind. The strange kinship of these symbols can be traced back, not only to medieval symbolism, but still deeper into experiences common to all of us. This is a disturbing book: it shows that much of what we believe about nuclear energy is not based on facts, but on a complex tangle of imagery suffused with emotions and rooted in the distant past. Nuclear Fear is the first work to explore all the symbolism attached to nuclear bombs, and to civilian nuclear energy as well, employing the powerful tools of history as well as findings from psychology, sociology, and even anthropology. The story runs from the turn of the century to the present day, following the scientists and journalists, the filmmakers and novelists, the officials and politicians of many nations who shaped the way people think about nuclear devices. The author, a historian who also holds a Ph.D. in physics, has been able to separate genuine scientific knowledge about nuclear energy and radiation from the luxuriant mythology that obscures them. In revealing the history of nuclear imagery, Weart conveys the hopeful message that once we understand how this imagery has secretly influenced history and our own thinking, we can move on to a clearer view of the choices that confront our civilization. Table of Contents: Preface Part One: Years of Fantasy, 1902-1938 1. Radioactive Hopes White Cities of the Future Missionaries for Science The Meaning of Transmutation 2. Radioactive Fears Scientific Doomsdays The Dangerous Scientist Scientists and Weapons Debating the Scientist's Role 3. Radium: Elixir or Poison? The Elixir of Life Rays of Life Death Rays Radium as Medicine and Poison 4. The Secret, the Master, and the Monster Smashing Atoms The Fearful Master Monsters and Victims Real Scientists The Situation before Fission Part Two: Confronting Reality, 1939-1952 5. Where Earth and Heaven Meet Imaginary Bomb-Reactors Real Reactors and Safety Questions Planned Massacres \"The Second Coming\" 6. The News from Hiroshima ClichÃ© Experts Hiroshima Itself Security through Control by Scientists? Security through Control over Scientists? 7. National Defenses Civil Defenses Bombs as a Psychological Weapon The Airmen Part Three: New Hopes and Horrors, 1953-1963 8. Atoms for Peace A Positive Alternative Atomic Propaganda Abroad Atomic Propaganda at Home 9. Good and Bad Atoms Magical Atoms Real Reactors The Core of Mistrust Tainted Authorities 10. The New Blasphemy Bombs as a Violation of Nature Radioactive Monsters Blaming Authorities 11. Death Dust Crusaders against Contamination A Few Facts Clean or Filthy Bombs? 12. The Imagination of Survival Visions of the End Survivors as Savages The Victory of the Victim The Great Thermonuclear Strategy Debate The World as Hiroshima 13. The Politics of Survival The Movement Attacking the Warriors Running for Shelter Cuban Catharsis Reasons for Silence Part Four: Suspect Technology, 1956-1986 14. Fail/Safe Unwanted Explosions: Bombs Unwanted Explosions: Reactors Advertising the Maximum Accident 15. Reactor Poisons and Promises Pollution from Reactors The Public Loses Interest The Nuplex versus the China Syndrome 16. The Debate Explodes The Fight against Antimissiles Sounding the Radiation Alarm Reactors: A Surrogate for Bombs? Environmentalists Step In 17. Energy Choices Alternative Energy Sources Real Reactor Risks \"It's Political\" The Reactor Wars 18. Civilization or Liberation? The Logic of Authority and Its Enemies Nature versus Culture Modes of Expression The Public's Image of Nuclear Power 19. The War Fear Revival: An Unfinished Chapter Part Five The Search for Renewal 20. The Modern Arcanum Despair and Denial Help from Heaven? Objects in the Skies Mushroom and Mandala 21. Artistic Transmutations The Interior Holocaust Rebirth from Despair Toward the Four-Gated City Conclusion A Personal Note Sources and Methodology Notes Index Reviews of this book: Nuclear Fear is a rich, layered journey back through our 'atomic history' to the primal memories of monstrous mutants and mad scientists. It is a deeply serious book but written in an accessible style that reveals the culture in which this fear emerges only to be suppressed and emerge again. --Ellen Goodman, Boston Globe Reviews of this book: A historical portrait of the quintessential modern nightmare...Weart shows in meticulous and fascinating detail how [the] ancient images of alchemy-fire, sexuality, Armageddon, gold, eternity and all the rest-immediately clustered around the new science of atomic physics...There is no question that the image of nuclear power reflects a complex and deeply disturbing portrait of what it means to be human. --Stephan Salisbury, Philadelphia Inquirer Reviews of this book: A detailed, probing study of American hopes, dreams and insecurities in the twentieth-century. Weart has a poet's acumen for sensing human feelings ... Nuclear Fear remains captivating as history...and original as an anthropological study of how nuclear power, like alchemy in medieval times, offers a convenient symbol for deeply-rooted human feelings. --Los Angeles Times Reviews of this book: Weart's tale boldly sweeps from the futuristic White City of the 1893 Chicago World's Fair and the discovery of radioactivity in 1896 through Hiroshima and Star Wars... (An] admirable call for synthesis of art and science in a true transmutation that takes us beyond nuclear fear. --H. Bruce Franklin, Science",


"ID":278
"title":"The Jazz Piano Book",
"description":"The most highly acclaimed jazz piano method ever published! Over 300 pages with complete chapters on Intervals and triads, The major modes and II-V-I, 3-note voicings, Sus. and phrygian Chords, Adding notes to 3-note voicings, Tritone substitution, Left-hand voicings, Altering notes in left-hand Stride and Bud Powell voicings, Block chords, Comping ...and much more! Endorsed by Kenny Barron, Down Beat, Jamey Aebersold, etc.",


"ID":279
"title":"American Drifter",
"description":"New York Times bestselling author Heather Graham has teamed up with celebrated actor and celebrity icon Chad Michael Murray to weave a tale of passion and danger in the captivating thriller suspense, American Drifter. A young veteran of the US Army, River Roulet is struggling to shake the horrors of his past. War is behind him, but the memories remain. Desperate to distract himself from the images haunting him daily, River abandons the world he knows and flees to the country he’s always dreamed of visiting: Brazil. Rio de Janeiro is everything he hoped for and more. In the lead-up to Carnaval, the city is alight with music, energy, and life. With a few friends at his side, River seems to be pulling his life together at last. Then he meets the enchanting Natal, an impassioned journalist and free spirit—who lives with the gangster that rules much of Rio. As their romance blossoms, River and Natal flee together into the interior of Brazil, where they are pursued by the sadistic drug lord, Tio Amato, and his men. When River is forced to kill one of those men, the chase becomes even deadlier. Not only is the powerful drug boss after them, the Brazilian government is on their trail as well. Will the two lovers escape—and will River ever be free of the bloody memories that haunt him? At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software (DRM) applied.",


"ID":280
"title":"Living-room War",
"description":"A collection of essays by the TV critic of The New Yorker, this book provides a poetic examination of 1960s television culture ranging from the Vietnam War to Captain Kangeroo, and from the 1968 Democratic convention to televised sports.",


"ID":281
"description":"Nikki and her friends team up for another adventure.",
"title":"Dork Diaries 11",


"ID":282
"title":"Applied Optimal Estimation",
"description":"This is the first book on the optimal estimation that places its major emphasis on practical applications, treating the subject more from an engineering than a mathematical orientation. Even so, theoretical and mathematical concepts are introduced and developed sufficiently to make the book a self-contained source of instruction for readers without prior knowledge of the basic principles of the field. The work is the product of the technical staff of the The Analytic Sciences Corporation (TASC), an organization whose success has resulted largely from its applications of optimal estimation techniques to a wide variety of real situations involving large-scale systemsArthur Gelb writes in the Foreword that \"It is our intent throughout to provide a simple and interesting picture of the central issues underlying modern estimation theory and practice. Heuristic, rather than theoretically elegant, arguments are used extensively, with emphasis on physical insights and key questions of practical importance.\"Numerous illustrative examples, many based on actual applications, have been interspersed throughout the text to lead the student to a concrete understanding of the theoretical material. The inclusion of problems with \"built-in\" answers at the end of each of the nine chapters further enhances the self-study potential of the text.After a brief historical prelude, the book introduces the mathematics underlying random process theory and state-space characterization of linear dynamic systems. The theory and practice of optimal estimation is them presented, including filtering, smoothing, and prediction. Both linear and non-linear systems, and continuous- and discrete-time cases, are covered in considerable detail. New results are described concerning the application of covariance analysis to non-linear systems and the connection between observers and optimal estimators. The final chapters treat such practical and often pivotal issues as suboptimal structure, and computer loading considerations.This book is an outgrowth of a course given by TASC at a number of US Government facilities. Virtually all of the members of the TASC technical staff have, at one time and in one way or another, contributed to the material contained in the work",


"ID":283
"title":"Swingin' the Dream",
"description":"Explores the cultural meaning of swing music to the people of the United States as they struggled through the Depression and World War II.",


"ID":284
"title":"Biophilia",
"description":"View a collection of videos on Professor Wilson entitled \"On the Relation of Science and the Humanities\"",


"ID":285
"title":"Remington",
"description":"For over 100 years, Remington has been the definitive textbook and reference on the science and practice of pharmacy. This Twenty-First Edition keeps pace with recent changes in the pharmacy curriculum and professional pharmacy practice. More than 95 new contributors and 5 new section editors provide fresh perspectives on the field. New chapters include pharmacogenomics, application of ethical principles to practice dilemmas, technology and automation, professional communication, medication errors, re-engineering pharmacy practice, management of special risk medicines, specialization in pharmacy practice, disease state management, emergency patient care, and wound care. Purchasers of this textbook are entitled to a new, fully indexed Bonus CD-ROM, affording instant access to the full content of Remington in a convenient and portable format.",


"ID":286
"title":"The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali",
"description":"In the Yoga Sutras, Patañjali prescribes adherence to eight \"limbs\" or steps (the sum of which constitute \"Ashtanga Yoga\", the title of the second chapter) to quiet one's mind and achieve kaivalya. The Yoga Sutras form the theoretical and philosophical basis of Raja Yoga, and are considered to be the most organized and complete definition of that discipline. The Sutras not only provide yoga with a thorough and consistent philosophical basis, they also clarify many important esoteric concepts which are common to all traditions of Indian thought, such as karma.",


"ID":287
"description":"Henry Jenkins at Authors@Google (video) Winner of the 2007 Society for Cinema and Media Studies Katherine Singer Kovacs Book Award 2007 Choice Outstanding Academic Title Convergence Culture maps a new territory: where old and new media intersect, where grassroots and corporate media collide, where the power of the media producer and the power of the consumer interact in unpredictable ways. Henry Jenkins, one of America’s most respected media analysts, delves beneath the new media hype to uncover the important cultural transformations that are taking place as media converge. He takes us into the secret world of Survivor Spoilers, where avid internet users pool their knowledge to unearth the show’s secrets before they are revealed on the air. He introduces us to young Harry Potter fans who are writing their own Hogwarts tales while executives at Warner Brothers struggle for control of their franchise. He shows us how The Matrix has pushed transmedia storytelling to new levels, creating a fictional world where consumers track down bits of the story across multiple media channels.Jenkins argues that struggles over convergence will redefine the face of American popular culture. Industry leaders see opportunities to direct content across many channels to increase revenue and broaden markets. At the same time, consumers envision a liberated public sphere, free of network controls, in a decentralized media environment. Sometimes corporate and grassroots efforts reinforce each other, creating closer, more rewarding relations between media producers and consumers. Sometimes these two forces are at war. Jenkins provides a riveting introduction to the world where every story gets told and every brand gets sold across multiple media platforms. He explains the cultural shift that is occurring as consumers fight for control across disparate channels, changing the way we do business, elect our leaders, and educate our children.",
"title":"Convergence Culture",


"ID":288
"title":"Gear Materials, Properties, and Manufacture",
"description":"All of the critical technical aspects of gear materials technology are addressed in this new reference work. Gear Materials, Properties, and Manufacture is intended for gear metallurgists and materials specialists, manufacturing engineers, lubrication technologists, and analysts concerned with gear failures who seek a better understanding of gear performance and gear life. This volume complements other gear texts that emphasize the design, geometry, and theory of gears. The coverage begins with an overview of the various types of gears used, important gear terminology, applied stresses and strength requirements associated with gears, and lubrication and wear. This is followed by in-depth treatment of metallic (ferrous and nonferrous alloys) and plastic gear materials. Emphasis is on the properties of carburized steels, the material of choice for high-performance power transmission gearing.",


"ID":289
"title":"Tom Kerridge's Dopamine Diet",
"description":"Thanks to his Dopamine Diet, Michelin-starred chef Tom Kerridge has shed eleven stone over the past three years. That's the same as 70 bags of sugar. If you're struggling with your weight and need to shift unhealthy pounds, this new approach makes it easy, and is guaranteed to make you feel happier in the process. Most people find it hard to keep to a long-term diet, but this one is different. The recipes feature ingredients that trigger the release of the 'happy hormone' dopamine in your brain, so it's a diet that will make you feel good! Tom's 'dopamine heroes' include dairy products such as double cream and yoghurt, good-quality meats including beef, chicken and turkey, and even chocolate. By ditching alcohol and starchy carbs in favour of plenty of protein, fresh fruit and veg, you will be eating meals that will help you shed the weight, whilst offering a satisfying intensity of flavour. Treats in store for Dopamine Dieters include spinach, bacon and mint soup; roasted onion salad with fried halloumi; shepherd's pie with creamy cauliflower topping; soy glazed cod with chilli, garlic and ginger; braised beef with horseradish; Chinese pork hot pot; and chocolate mousse with sesame almond biscuits. These are recipes that don't feel like diet food, and can be shared with friends and family. It worked for Tom and it can work for you. Give it a go! And lose weight the Dopamine Diet way.",


"ID":290
"description":"Why givers - not takers or matchers - win big. Perfect for anyone who enjoyed QUIET or THINKING FAST AND SLOW. The motivations behind today's most successful leaders and entrepreneurs come to a simple yet decisive explanation: there are people who give, people who take, people who match, and people who fake. Our world is filled with these givers, takers, matchers and fakers. Amazingly, those who succeed (not only personally but for their clients and companies) don't take or match. They give. (Although they're not necessarily philanthropic.) GIVE AND TAKE presents the fascinating secrets to givers' success. The results are unequivocal: givers gain big. Jack Welch, Richard Branson, Jon Huntsman Sr. - all of them are givers. In a world in which so many takers such as Bernard Madoff and Raj Rajaratnam have ruined lives and reputations, this book will reassure readers that the real power lies in becoming a giver. Since the vast majority of people aren't born givers, Grant not only presents the case for why givers win, he also offers their hidden strategies for winning.",
"title":"Give and Take",


"ID":291
"description":"\"A book after my own heart!\"—His Holiness The Dalai Lama The Power of Kindness is a stirring examination of a simple but profound concept. Piero Ferrucci, one of the world's most respected transpersonal psychologists, explores the many surprising facets of kindness and argues that it is this trait that will not only lead to our own individual happiness and the happiness of those around us, but will guide us in a world that has become cold, anxious, difficult, and frightening. Piero Ferrucci warns against the dangers of \"global cooling.\" As the pace of living grows faster and the impact of new technologies more insistent, communications become hurried and impersonal. The drive for profit overrides the heart. Warmth and genuine presence fade. In eighteen interlocking chapters, Dr. Ferrucci reveals that the kindest people are the most likely to thrive, to enable others to thrive, and to slowly but steadily turn our world away from violence, self-centeredness, and narcissism- and toward love. Writing with a rare combination of sensitivity and intellectual depth, Dr. Ferrucci shows that, ultimately, kindness is not a luxury in our world but rather a necessity for us all.",
"title":"The Power of Kindness",


"ID":292
"title":"Man, Economy, and State with Power and Market, Scholar's Edition",
"description":"Murray Rothbard's Man, Economy, and State is united for the first time with its companion volume, Power and Market. The books were written as a single package but when the first came out in 1962, it was missing the last quarter, which only appeared more than ten years later as a separate volume. Even separately, the books achieved a towering presence. Together for the first time as an integrated whole, as they were intended to be, the result is sure to rock the world of economic and political ideas. This combined edition follows the high standards set by Mises Institute publishing, with Rothbard's wonderful footnotes at the bottom of the page (no more turning back and forth), a new introduction that presents all new material from the Rothbard archives, very detailed indexes and bibliographies, and the best papers and bindings.",


"ID":293
"title":"The Heritage Crusade and the Spoils of History",
"description":"Heritage, while it often constitutes and defines the most positive aspects of culture, is a malleable body of historical text subject to interpretation and easily twisted into myth. When it is appealed to on a national or ethnic level in reactions against racial, religious, or economic oppression, the result is often highly-charged political contention or conflict. The extraordinary theme of this unique book is how the rise of a manifold, crusade-like obsession with tradition and inheritance--both physical and cultural--can lead to either good or evil. In a balanced account of the pros and cons of the rhetoric and spoils of heritage--on the one hand cultural identity and unity, on the other, potential holy war--David Lowenthal discusses the myriad uses and abuses of historical appropriation and offers a rare and accessible account of a concept at once familiar and fraught with complexity. David Lowenthal is Emeritus Professor of Geography at University College London, and the author of the bestselling The Past is a Foreign Country (Cambridge, 1985)",


"ID":294
"title":"Republic.com",
"description":"See only what you want to see, hear only what you want to hear, read only what you want to read. In cyberspace, we already have the ability to filter out everything but what we wish to see, hear, and read. Tomorrow, our power to filter promises to increase exponentially. With the advent of the Daily Me, you see only the sports highlights that concern your teams, read about only the issues that interest you, encounter in the op-ed pages only the opinions with which you agree. In all of the applause for this remarkable ascendance of personalized information, Cass Sunstein asks the questions, Is it good for democracy? Is it healthy for the republic? What does this mean for freedom of speech? Republic.com exposes the drawbacks of egocentric Internet use, while showing us how to approach the Internet as responsible citizens, not just concerned consumers. Democracy, Sunstein maintains, depends on shared experiences and requires citizens to be exposed to topics and ideas that they would not have chosen in advance. Newspapers and broadcasters helped create a shared culture, but as their role diminishes and the customization of our communications universe increases, society is in danger of fragmenting, shared communities in danger of dissolving. In their place will arise only louder and ever more extreme echoes of our own voices, our own opinions. In evaluating the consequences of new communications technologies for democracy and free speech, Sunstein argues the question is not whether to regulate the Net (it's already regulated), but how; proves that freedom of speech is not an absolute; and underscores the enormous potential of the Internet to promote freedom as well as its potential to promote \"cybercascades\" of like-minded opinions that foster and enflame hate groups. The book ends by suggesting a range of potential reforms to correct current misconceptions and to improve deliberative democracy and the health of the American republic. Chat with Cass Sunstein in a Message Forum hosted beginning April 1, 2001.",


"ID":295
"title":"Brooklyn",
"description":"Colm Tóibín’s New York Times bestselling novel—soon to be a film starring Saoirse Ronan and Jim Broadbent from the award-winning team that produced An Education—is “a moving, deeply satisfying read” (Entertainment Weekly) about a young Irish immigrant in Brooklyn in the early 1950s. “One of the most unforgettable characters in contemporary literature” (Pittsburgh Post-Gazette), Eilis Lacey has come of age in small-town Ireland in the hard years following World War Two. When an Irish priest from Brooklyn offers to sponsor Eilis in America, she decides she must go, leaving her fragile mother and her charismatic sister behind. Eilis finds work in a department store on Fulton Street, and when she least expects it, finds love. Tony, who loves the Dodgers and his big Italian family, slowly wins her over with patient charm. But just as Eilis begins to fall in love, devastating news from Ireland threatens the promise of her future. Author “Colm Tóibín…is his generation’s most gifted writer of love’s complicated, contradictory power” (Los Angeles Times). “Written with mesmerizing power and skill” (The Boston Globe), Brooklyn is a “triumph…One of those magically quiet novels that sneak up on readers and capture their imaginations” (USA TODAY).",


"ID":296
"title":"English for Business Studies Teacher's Book",
"description":"This best selling course has been thoroughly revised to meet the needs of today's business and economics students. The English for Business Studies Third edition Teacher's Book offers thorough guidance and support for teachers using the course. It also includes four assessment tests to help teachers keep track of students' progress. The English for Business Studies Student's Book and the Audio CDs are available separately.",


"ID":297
"title":"Viruses and the Cellular Immune Response",
"description":"Presents a comprehensive review of cell-mediated immunity to viral infection, highlighting aspects relevant to HIV research. Opening chapters discuss antigen processing and presentation, and lymphokine function. Subsequent chapters consider immune responses to individual viruses including: HIV, visn",


"ID":298
"title":"Closing the Food Gap",
"description":"A study of the food crisis in America looks at the dietary split between the affluent and the poor, examines how Americans of all classes get their food, assesses current policies designed to alleviate the food gap, and calls for the establishment of realistic partnerships between family farms and impoverished communities to address the problem.",


"ID":299
"title":"The BFG (Colour Edition)",
"description":"The much-loved Roald Dahl story now in full colour format. When Sophie is snatched from her bed in the middle of the night by a giant with a stride as long as a tennis court she is sure she's going to be eaten for breakfast. But luckily for Sophie, the BFG is far more jumbly than his disgusting neighbours, whose favourite pastime is guzzling up whoppsy-whiffling human beans. Sophie is determined to stop all this, and so she and the BFG cook up an ingenious plan to rid of the world of the Bloodbottler, the Fleshlumpeater and all their rotsome friends forever.",


"ID":300
"title":"A Wavelet Tour of Signal Processing",
"description":"This book is intended to serve as an invaluable reference for anyone concerned with the application of wavelets to signal processing. It has evolved from material used to teach \"wavelet signal processing\" courses in electrical engineering departments at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Tel Aviv University, as well as applied mathematics departments at the Courant Institute of New York University and École Polytechnique in Paris. Provides a broad perspective on the principles and applications of transient signal processing with wavelets Emphasizes intuitive understanding, while providing the mathematical foundations and description of fast algorithms Numerous examples of real applications to noise removal, deconvolution, audio and image compression, singularity and edge detection, multifractal analysis, and time-varying frequency measurements Algorithms and numerical examples are implemented in Wavelab, which is a Matlab toolbox freely available over the Internet Content is accessible on several level of complexity, depending on the individual reader's needs New to the Second Edition Optical flow calculation and video compression algorithms Image models with bounded variation functions Bayes and Minimax theories for signal estimation 200 pages rewritten and most illustrations redrawn More problems and topics for a graduate course in wavelet signal processing, in engineering and applied mathematics",


"ID":301
"description":"Praise for the first edition: \"Profoundly original. . .terribly important.\"--Studs Terkel \"\"The Managed Heart \"is written so accessibly that it appeals to both the academic and the general reader.\"--Gail Sheehy, \"New York Times Book Review \" \"Perceptive study of 'emotional labor'--jobs like those of [flight attendants], in which workers are trained to use emotion as actors do, but who. . .often end up unsure of what they really feel.\"--\"New York Times \"Books of the Year, 1983 \"A worthy study of the high, and often hidden, personal costs that people in certain occupations pay for agreeing to treat their feelings as merchandise.\"--\"San Jose Mercury News \"",
"title":"The Managed Heart",


"ID":302
"title":"The Oxford Companion to English Literature",
"description":"This edition of the classic reference has been thoroughly revised and updated, offering unrivalled coverage of English literature. It continues to offer detailed and authoritative information on authors and works, alongside extended coverage of popular literary genres, as well as of the themes and concepts encountered by students.",


"ID":303
"description":"The Southern Reach Trilogy begins with this Nebula Award-winning novel that \"reads as if Verne or Wellsian adventurers exploring a mysterious island had warped through into a Kafkaesque nightmare world\" (Kim Stanley Robinson). Area X has been cut off from the rest of the continent for decades. Nature has reclaimed the last vestiges of human civilization. The first expedition returned with reports of a pristine, Edenic landscape; the second expedition ended in mass suicide; the third expedition in a hail of gunfire as its members turned on one another. The members of the eleventh expedition returned as shadows of their former selves, and within weeks, all had died of cancer. In Annihilation, the first volume of Jeff VanderMeer's Southern Reach trilogy, we join the twelfth expedition. The group is made up of four women: an anthropologist; a surveyor; a psychologist, the de facto leader; and our narrator, a biologist. Their mission is to map the terrain, record all observations of their surroundings and of one another, and, above all, avoid being contaminated by Area X itself. They arrive expecting the unexpected, and Area X delivers—they discover a massive topographic anomaly and life forms that surpass understanding—but it's the surprises that came across the border with them and the secrets the expedition members are keeping from one another that change everything.",
"title":"Annihilation",


"ID":304
"title":"The Purpose Driven Life (Enhanced Edition)",
"description":"Available for the first time, and based on the 40-day spiritual journey that made The Purpose Driven Life a #1 New York Times bestseller, Rick Warren is your guide through this enhanced print version of The Purpose Driven Life, complete with links to videos by Warren himself. A blueprint for Christian living in the 21st century, Warren now offers his classic words of hope utilizing 21st century video technology for a whole new level of learning and engagement. Read, ponder, hear, and see Warren as he helps you discover the answer to life's fundamental question: What on earth am I here for? This enhanced print version of The Purpose Driven Life will help you live out God's purpose: reducing your stress, focusing your energy, simplifying your decisions, giving meaning to your life, and, most importantly, preparing you for eternity. It's a fresh way to interact with a treasured book of hope that has touched millions of hearts and minds all over the world.",


"ID":305
"title":"Heal Your Body",
"description":"Heal Your Body is a fresh and easy step-by-step guide. Just look up your specific health challenge and you will find the probable cause for this health issue and the information you need to overcome it by creating a new thought pattern. Louise L. Hay, bestselling author, is an internationally known leader in the self-help field. Her key message: \"If we are willing to do the mental work, almost anything can be healed.\" The author has a great deal of experience and firsthand information to share about healing-including how she cured herself after having been diagnosed with cancer.",


"ID":306
"title":"The Process of Education",
"description":"Discusses the improvement of science teaching in the elementary schools through an emphasis on the structure, rather than the content, of the subject and on the psychology of discovery learning",


"ID":307
"description":"“Harvey offers surprising insights into the male mentality and gives women strategies for taming that unruly beast.” —Philadelphia Inquirer “Women should listen to Steve Harvey when it comes to what a good man is about. Steve Harvey dispenses a lot of fabulous information about men.” —Aretha Franklin The #1 New York Times bestseller from the new guru of relationship advice, Steve Harvey’s Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man is an invaluable self-help book that can empower women everywhere to take control of their relationships. The host of a top-rated radio show listened to by millions daily—and of cable TV’s The Steve Harvey Project—Harvey knows what men really think about love, intimacy, and commitment. In Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man, the author, media personality, and stand-up comedian gets serious, sharing his wealth of knowledge, insight, and no-nonsense advice for every good woman who wants to find a good man or make her current love last.",
"title":"Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man",


"ID":308
"title":"The Spell of the Midnight Sun",
"description":"Canada's vast Northland drew Maurice Cloughley to the challenge of teaching in remote communities; teacher could mean medical attendant, road foreman and dog-control officer. Unlike others, Maurice didn't head south after a year or two.",


"ID":309
"description":"Foreword by Steven Pinker Blending the informed analysis of The Signal and the Noise with the instructive iconoclasm of Think Like a Freak, a fascinating, illuminating, and witty look at what the vast amounts of information now instantly available to us reveals about ourselves and our world—provided we ask the right questions. By the end of an average day in the early twenty-first century, human beings searching the internet will amass eight trillion gigabytes of data. This staggering amount of information—unprecedented in history—can tell us a great deal about who we are—the fears, desires, and behaviors that drive us, and the conscious and unconscious decisions we make. From the profound to the mundane, we can gain astonishing knowledge about the human psyche that less than twenty years ago, seemed unfathomable. Everybody Lies offers fascinating, surprising, and sometimes laugh-out-loud insights into everything from economics to ethics to sports to race to sex, gender and more, all drawn from the world of big data. What percentage of white voters didn’t vote for Barack Obama because he’s black? Does where you go to school effect how successful you are in life? Do parents secretly favor boy children over girls? Do violent films affect the crime rate? Can you beat the stock market? How regularly do we lie about our sex lives and who’s more self-conscious about sex, men or women? Investigating these questions and a host of others, Seth Stephens-Davidowitz offers revelations that can help us understand ourselves and our lives better. Drawing on studies and experiments on how we really live and think, he demonstrates in fascinating and often funny ways the extent to which all the world is indeed a lab. With conclusions ranging from strange-but-true to thought-provoking to disturbing, he explores the power of this digital truth serum and its deeper potential—revealing biases deeply embedded within us, information we can use to change our culture, and the questions we’re afraid to ask that might be essential to our health—both emotional and physical. All of us are touched by big data everyday, and its influence is multiplying. Everybody Lies challenges us to think differently about how we see it and the world.",
"title":"Everybody Lies",


"ID":310
"title":"The Tale of Peter Rabbit",
"description":"Peter disobeys his mother by going into Mr. McGregor's garden and almost gets caught.",


"ID":311
"title":"Playing to Win",
"description":"Are you just playing—or playing to win? Strategy is not complex. But it is hard. It’s hard because it forces people and organizations to make specific choices about their future—something that doesn’t happen in most companies. Now two of today’s best-known business thinkers get to the heart of strategy—explaining what it’s for, how to think about it, why you need it, and how to get it done. And they use one of the most successful corporate turnarounds of the past century, which they achieved together, to prove their point. A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble, in close partnership with strategic adviser Roger Martin, doubled P&G’s sales, quadrupled its profits, and increased its market value by more than $100 billion in just ten years. Now, drawn from their years of experience at P&G and the Rotman School of Management, where Martin is dean, this book shows how leaders in organizations of all sizes can guide everyday actions with larger strategic goals built around the clear, essential elements that determine business success—where to play and how to win. The result is a playbook for winning. Lafley and Martin have created a set of five essential strategic choices that, when addressed in an integrated way, will move you ahead of your competitors. They are: • What is our winning aspiration? • Where will we play? • How will we win? • What capabilities must we have in place to win? • What management systems are required to support our choices? The stories of how P&G repeatedly won by applying this method to iconic brands such as Olay, Bounty, Gillette, Swiffer, and Febreze clearly illustrate how deciding on a strategic approach—and then making the right choices to support it—makes the difference between just playing the game and actually winning.",


"ID":312
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":313
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":314
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":315
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":316
"title":"Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists",
"description":"The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists is the premier public resource on scientific and technological developments that impact global security. Founded by Manhattan Project Scientists, the Bulletin's iconic \"Doomsday Clock\" stimulates solutions for a safer world.",


"ID":317
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":318
"title":"American Cowboy",
"description":"Published for devotees of the cowboy and the West, American Cowboy covers all aspects of the Western lifestyle, delivering the best in entertainment, personalities, travel, rodeo action, human interest, art, poetry, fashion, food, horsemanship, history, and every other facet of Western culture. With stunning photography and you-are-there reportage, American Cowboy immerses readers in the cowboy life and the magic that is the great American West.",


"ID":319
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":320
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":321
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":322
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":323
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":324
"title":"STORY OF THE 1900 GALVESTON HURRICANE",
"description":"One hundred years after the hurricane of 1900 devastated Galveston, Texas, it remains the most deadly natural disaster in United States history. Although many heeded the warnings of local weatherman Dr. Isaac Monroe Cline, numerous others did not. More than 6,000 souls perished. Shortly after the storm, author Nathan C. Green set out to share with the world the Story of the 1900 Galveston Hurricane . For those who had lost their lives, he would become their voice; for those who had somehow miraculously survived, he would become their chronicler. To further memorialize the events of the Galveston Hurricane, Pelican has reprinted Dr. Isaac Monroe Cline's Storms, Floods and Sunshine: An Autobiography, which it first published in 1945.",


"ID":325
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":326
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":327
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":328
"title":"ICIAM 91",
"description":"Proceedings -- Computer Arithmetic, Algebra, OOP.",


"ID":329
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":330
"title":"Nursing Research",
"description":"\"Comprehensive, yet easy to follow, Nursing Research will help you understand nursing research and apply it to clinical practice. It not only introduces basic research concepts and methods, it also teaches you how to critique research studies. To avoid confusion and promote understanding, quantitative research and qualitative research are presented separately. Evidence-based practice is emphasized throughout this edition.\"--Jacket.",


"ID":331
"title":"The color of life",
"description":"Ever since antiquity, sculptors have used colored materials and tints to give a lifelike quality to three-dimensional portraits and statues, yet the term \"sculpture\" tends to evoke images of white marble. This is the first comprehensive study to examine a broad historical range of sculptors' use of polychromy to enliven figural works. This important volume presents five essays on polychromy in Classical Greek through contemporary sculpture, along with individual discussions of over forty extraordinary works, from Old Kingdom Egypt to the present day--including sculptures whose polychromy has only been recently discovered, analyzed, or reconstructed through advanced technical evaluation. Published to coincide with an exhibition on view in the J. Paul Getty Museum at the Getty Villa from March 6 to June 23, 2008, this catalogue introduces the art lover and specialist alike to many unfamiliar concepts and masterpieces of an alternative history of sculpture. The works are presented not chronologically but in pairings and sequences that inspire insightful connections, tracing aspects of the impulse that through the ages has inspired sculptors to endow otherwise monochrome figures with the color of life.",


"ID":332
"title":"Shantaram",
"description":"It took me a long time and most of the world to learn what I know about love and fate and the choices we make, but the heart of it came to me in an instant, while I was chained to a wall and being tortured.Shantaram is a novel based on the life of the author, Gregory David Roberts. In 1978 Roberts was sentenced to nineteen years imprisonment as punishment for a series of robberies of building-society branches, credit unions, and shops he had committed while addicted to heroin. In July 1980 he escaped from Victoria's maximum-security prison in broad daylight, thereby becoming one of Australia's most wanted men for what turned out to be the next ten years. For most of this period he lived in Bombay. He set up a free health clinic in the slums, acted in Bollywood movies, worked for the Bombay mafia as a forger, counterfeiter, and smuggler and, as a gun-runner, resupplied a unit of mujaheddin guerrilla fighters in Afghanistan. This is the setting of Shantaram.Apart from having this highly unusual personal background, Greg Roberts is a very gifted writer. His book is a blend of vivid dialogue, unforgettable characters, amazing adventures, and superb evocations of Indian life. It can be read as a vast, extended thriller, as well as a superbly written meditation on the nature of good and evil. It is a compelling tale of a hunted man who had lost everything – his home, his family, and his soul – and came to find his humanity while living at the wildest edge of experience.",


"ID":333
"description":"*Winner of the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize* In 2009 Malala Yousafzai began writing a blog on BBC Urdu about life in the Swat Valley as the Taliban gained control, at times banning girls from attending school. When her identity was discovered, Malala began to appear in both Pakistani and international media, advocating the freedom to pursue education for all. In October 2012, gunmen boarded Malala's school bus and shot her in the face, a bullet passing through her head and into her shoulder. Remarkably, Malala survived the shooting. At a very young age, Malala Yousafzai has become a worldwide symbol of courage and hope. Her shooting has sparked a wave of solidarity across Pakistan, not to mention globally, for the right to education, freedom from terror and female emancipation.",
"title":"I Am Malala",


"ID":334
"title":"AMA Manual of Style",
"description":"A new edition of the style manual includes a broadened international perspective and up-to-date electronic guidelines, as well as information on research ethics and editorial independence.",


"ID":335
"title":"Tafsir Al-Jalalayn",
"description":"\"Up until now, the fundamental texts of the Islamic faith, apart from the notable exception of the Hadith of the Prophet, have remained out of reach of many Muslims and non-Muslims alike. Among the most important sources for understanding the Qur'an are the tafsir works, commentaries on the Qur'an, which help to properly explain and contextualise the Revelation. Tafsir al-Jalalayn, presented here in complete English translation for the first time ever, is the first work inThe Great Commentaries on the Holy Qur'an series. The series aims to make widely available the leading exegetical works in translation for study and research in unabridged form, which are faithful to the letter and meaning of the Arabic. Up until now, the fundamental texts of the Islamic faith, apart from the notable exception of the Hadith of the Prophet, have remained out of reach of many Muslims and non-Muslims alike. Among the most important sources for understanding the Qur'an are the tafsir works, commentaries on the Qur'an, which help to properly explain and contextualise the Revelation. Tafsir al-Jalalayn, presented here in complete English translation for the first time ever, is the first work inThe Great Commentaries on the Holy Qur'an series. The series aims to make widely available the leading exegetical works in translation for study and research in unabridged form, which are faithful to the letter and meaning of the Arabic. Up until now, the fundamental texts of the Islamic faith, apart from the notable exception of the Hadith of the Prophet, have remained out of reach of many Muslims and non-Muslims alike. Among the most important sources for understanding the Qur'an are the tafsir works, commentaries on the Qur'an, which help to properly explain and contextualise the Revelation. Tafsir al-Jalalayn, presented here in complete English translation for the first time ever, is the first work inThe Great Commentaries on the Holy Qur'an series. The series aims to make widely available the leading exegetical works in translation for study and research in unabridged form, which are faithful to the letter and meaning of the Arabic. Up until now, the fundamental texts of the Islamic faith, apart from the notable exception of the Hadith of the Prophet, have remained out of reach of many Muslims and non-Muslims alike. Among the most important sources for understanding the Qur'an are the tafsir works, commentaries on the Qur'an, which help to properly explain and contextualise the Revelation. Tafsir al-Jalalayn, presented here in complete English translation for the first time ever, is the first work inThe Great Commentaries on the Holy Qur'an series. The series aims to make widely available the leading exegetical works in translation for study and research in unabridged form, which are faithful to the letter and meaning of the Arabic. Up until now, the fundamental texts of the Islamic faith, apart from the notable exception of the Hadith of the Prophet, have remained out of reach of many Muslims and non-Muslims alike. Among the most important sources for understanding the Qur'an are the tafsir works, commentaries on the Qur'an, which help to properly explain and contextualise the Revelation. Tafsir al-Jalalayn, presented here in complete English translation for the first time ever, is the first work inThe Great Commentaries on the Holy Qur'an series. The series aims to make widely available the leading exegetical works in translation for study and research in unabridged form, which are faithful to the letter and meaning of the Arabic.\"--Publisher's website.",


"ID":336
"title":"The Oxford Companion to Indian Theatre",
"description":"This Encyclopedic Volume Is The First Of Its Kind In Any Language Covering All Of Indian Theatre. Lavishly Illustrated, With Some Rare Photographs From Archival Collections.",


"ID":337
"description":"Love and marriage, romance and intimacy...everybody wants it, but it seems only the select few get it. Never shy and always laugh-out-loud funny, Sherry Argov’s Why Men Marry Bitches is a sharp-witted manifesto that shows women how to transform a casual relationship into a committed one. Dating can feel like a contact sport and modern mating rituals can be impossible to decode, with little consensus on the rules of engagement and both sides tired of the game. What’s an intelligent woman looking for a devoted relationship to do? Glad you asked… With the grittiest of girlfriend-to-girlfriend confidence, Argov removes the kid gloves (knocking off your rose-colored glasses in the process) and explains why being extra nice won’t necessarily get you that wedding you’ve always dreamed of, and is more likely a sure path to disappointment. Going directly to the source in candid interviews, she shares an enlightening look into the psychology of the male mind. Insightful, empowering and hysterical, this indispensable guide will reveal in honest detail: *How do men manipulate a relationship to keep it casual? *Do men deliberately push women’s emotional buttons? *How can she convince him commitment was his idea? *How can she invite a proposal without saying a word? More than a self-help manual, this is a life skills handbook that both men and women can relate to, whether single, newly courting, recently separated or ready to embark on the next level of commitment in a current relationship. Why Men Marry Bitches will reveal how to set healthy boundaries, embrace your independence and take charge of your own happiness, so that you exude the kind of sexy confidence that will win his heart and get the love, respect, and loving relationship you deserve.",
"title":"Why Men Marry Bitches",


"ID":338
"title":"The Book of Mormon",
"description":"Hello. I would like to share with you the most amazing book. In celebration of the making of The Book of Mormon, the authors, production team, and entire original cast recount their experiences as they grew their show from the initial idea to opening night on Broadway. With the complete book and lyrics annotated by the full creative team and cast, along with more than 700 photographs and illustrations, they share the journey that began one night in a Manhattan bar and culminated seven years later in the achievement that is The Book of Mormon.",


"ID":339
"title":"From Novice to Expert",
"description":"This coherent presentation of clinical judgement, caring practices and collaborative practice provides ideas and images that readers can draw upon in their interactions with others and in their interpretation of what nurses do. It includes many clear, colorful examples and describes the five stages of skill acquisition, the nature of clinical judgement and experiential learning and the seven major domains of nursing practice. The narrative method captures content and contextual issues that are often missed by formal models of nursing knowledge. The book uncovers the knowledge embedded in clinical nursing practice and provides the Dreyfus model of skill acquisition applied to nursing, an interpretive approach to identifying and describing clinical knowledge, nursing functions, effective management, research and clinical practice, career development and education, plus practical applications.For nurses and healthcare professionals.",


"ID":340
"title":"Other People's Children",
"description":"An updated edition of the award-winning analysis of the role of race in the classroom features a new author introduction and framing essays by Herbert Kohl and Charles Payne, in an account that shares ideas about how teachers can function as \"cultural transmitters\" in contemporary schools and communicate more effectively to overcome race-related academic challenges. Original.",


"ID":341
"title":"The Boy Who Cried Wolf!",
"description":"\"Nicholas has the world's most boring job-watching sheep. When he tries to liven up his chore with practical jokes, he loses peoples' trust. Nicholas realizes his mistake when the wolf attacks and everyone refuses to respond to his cry for help\"--",


"ID":342
"title":"The Dumbest Generation",
"description":"A provocative analysis of what the author believes to be the intellectual shortcomings of today's young adults contends that electronic media originally developed to enhance the learning capacities of the current generation has directly contributed to growing gaps in basic knowledge.",


"ID":343
"title":"1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die",
"description":"Complemented by more than eight hundred movie stills and actor photographs, an updated film reference lists 1,001 \"must-see\" movies in a chronological arrangement, providing information on director, producer, screenplay writer, music, cast members, and awards, along with a detailed review of each.",


"ID":344
"title":"The Alchemist",
"description":"Paulo Coelho's enchanting novel has inspired a devoted following around the world. This story, dazzling in its simplicity and wisdom, is about an Andalusian shepherd boy named Santiago who travels from his homeland in Spain to the Egyptian desert in search of treasure buried in the Pyramids. Along the way he meets a Gypsy woman, a man who calls himself king, and an Alchemist, all of whom point Santiago in the direction of his quest. No one knows what the treasure is, or if Santiago will be able to surmount the obstacles along the way But what starts out as a journey to find worldly goods turns into a meditation on the treasures found within. Lush, evocative, and deeply humane, the story of Santiago is art eternal testament to the transforming power of our dreams and the importance of listening to our hearts.",


"ID":345
"title":"Phineas Gage",
"description":"Tells the story of Phineas Gage, a railroad construction foreman who survived eleven years years after an accident in which a thirteen-pound iron rod shot through his brain.",


"ID":346
"title":"Borderlands",
"description":"Explores life along the Mexican-American border and the experience of being caught between two cultures.",


"ID":347
"title":"Animal Farm",
"description":"A satire on totalitarianism in which farm animals overthrow their human owner and set up their own government",


"ID":348
"title":"The Experience of God",
"description":"Despite the recent ferocious public debate about belief, the concept most central to the discussion—God—frequently remains vaguely and obscurely described. Are those engaged in these arguments even talking about the same thing? In a wide-ranging response to this confusion, esteemed scholar David Bentley Hart pursues a clarification of how the word “God” functions in the world’s great theistic faiths. Ranging broadly across Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Vedantic and Bhaktic Hinduism, Sikhism, and Buddhism, Hart explores how these great intellectual traditions treat humanity’s knowledge of the divine mysteries. Constructing his argument around three principal metaphysical “moments”—being, consciousness, and bliss—the author demonstrates an essential continuity between our fundamental experience of reality and the ultimate reality to which that experience inevitably points. Thoroughly dismissing such blatant misconceptions as the deists' concept of God, as well as the fundamentalist view of the Bible as an objective historical record, Hart provides a welcome antidote to simplistic manifestoes. In doing so, he plumbs the depths of humanity’s experience of the world as powerful evidence for the reality of God and captures the beauty and poetry of traditional reflection upon the divine.",


"ID":349
"title":"Bullying at School",
"description":"Presents an overview of what is known about the causes and consequences of bullying at school, describes an intervention program designed to address and counteract the problem, discusses the positive effects of the program as evaluated over a two-year period in forty-two schools in Bergen, Norway, and offers practical advice on implementing the intervention program.",


"ID":350
"title":"Parenting Stress",
"description":"All parents experience stress as they attempt to meet the challenges of caring for their children. This comprehensive book examines the causes and consequences of parenting distress, drawing on a wide array of findings in current empirical research. Kirby Deater-Deckard explores normal and pathological parenting stress, the influences of parents on their children as well as children on their parents, and the effects of biological and environmental factors. Beginning with an overview of theories of stress and coping, Deater-Deckard goes on to describe how parenting stress is linked with problems in adult and child health (emotional problems, developmental disorders, illness); parental behaviors (warmth, harsh discipline); and factors outside the family (marital quality, work roles, cultural influences). The book concludes with a useful review of coping strategies and interventions that have been demonstrated to alleviate parenting stress.",


"ID":351
"title":"Wreck This Journal",
"description":"Special limited duct tape cover edition of the internationally bestselling phenomenon with over 7 million copies sold! Paint, poke, create, destroy, and wreck--to create a journal as unique as you are For anyone who's ever had trouble starting, keeping, or finishing a journal or sketchbook comes this expanded edition of Wreck This Journal, a subversive illustrated book that challenges readers to muster up their best mistake- and mess-making abilities to fill the pages of the book--or destroy them. Through a series of creative and quirky prompts, acclaimed guerilla artist Keri Smith encourages journalers to engage in destructive acts--poking holes through pages, adding photos and defacing them, painting pages with coffee, coloring outside the lines, and more--in order to experience the true creative process. With Smith's unique sensibility, readers are introduced to a new way of art- and journal-making, discovering novel ways to escape the fear of the blank page and fully engage in the creative process. To create is to destroy. Happy wrecking!",


"ID":352
"title":"Internet of Things",
"description":"Internet of Things (IoT) refers to physical and virtual objects that have unique identities and are connected to the internet to facilitate intelligent applications that make energy, logistics, industrial control, retail, agriculture and many other domains \"smarter.\" Internet of Things is a new revolution of the Internet that is rapidly gathering momentum driven by the advancements in sensor networks, mobile devices, wireless communications, networking and cloud technologies. Experts forecast that by the year 2020 there will be a total of 50 billion devices/things connected to the internet. This book is written as a textbook on Internet of Things for educational programs at colleges and universities, and also for IoT vendors and service providers who may be interested in offering a broader perspective of Internet of Things to accompany their own customer and developer training programs. The typical reader is expected to have completed a couple of courses in programming using traditional high-level languages at the college-level, and is either a senior or a beginning graduate student in one of the science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) fields. Like our companion book on Cloud Computing, we have tried to write a comprehensive book that transfers knowledge through an immersive \"hands on\" approach, where the reader is provided the necessary guidance and knowledge to develop working code for real-world IoT applications. Additional support is available at the book's website: www.internet-of-things-book.com The book is organized into 3 main parts, comprising of a total of 11 chapters. Part I covers the building blocks of Internet of Things (IoTs) and their characteristics. A taxonomy of IoT systems is proposed comprising of various IoT levels with increasing levels of complexity. Domain specific Internet of Things and their real-world applications are described. A generic design methodology for IoT is proposed. An IoT system management approach using NETCONF-YANG is described. Part II introduces the reader to the programming aspects of Internet of Things with a view towards rapid prototyping of complex IoT applications. We chose Python as the primary programming language for this book, and an introduction to Python is also included within the text to bring readers to a common level of expertise. We describe packages, frameworks and cloud services including the WAMP-AutoBahn, Xively cloud and Amazon Web Services which can be used for developing IoT systems. We chose the Raspberry Pi device for the examples in this book. Reference architectures for different levels of IoT applications are examined in detail. Case studies with complete source code for various IoT domains including home automation, smart environment, smart cities, logistics, retail, smart energy, smart agriculture, industrial control and smart health, are described. Part III introduces the reader to advanced topics on IoT including IoT data analytics and Tools for IoT. Case studies on collecting and analyzing data generated by Internet of Things in the cloud are described.",


"ID":353
"title":"Never Let Me Go",
"description":"From the Booker Prize-winning author of The Remains of the Day and When We Were Orphans, comes an unforgettable edge-of-your-seat mystery that is at once heartbreakingly tender and morally courageous about what it means to be human. Hailsham seems like a pleasant English boarding school, far from the influences of the city. Its students are well tended and supported, trained in art and literature, and become just the sort of people the world wants them to be. But, curiously, they are taught nothing of the outside world and are allowed little contact with it. Within the grounds of Hailsham, Kathy grows from schoolgirl to young woman, but it’s only when she and her friends Ruth and Tommy leave the safe grounds of the school (as they always knew they would) that they realize the full truth of what Hailsham is. Never Let Me Go breaks through the boundaries of the literary novel. It is a gripping mystery, a beautiful love story, and also a scathing critique of human arrogance and a moral examination of how we treat the vulnerable and different in our society. In exploring the themes of memory and the impact of the past, Ishiguro takes on the idea of a possible future to create his most moving and powerful book to date.",


"ID":354
"title":"Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Illustrated Edition",
"description":"Harry Potter lives in a cupboard under the stairs at his Aunt and Uncle's house. He is bullied by them and his spoilt cousin, and lives a very unremarkable life. But then Harry is transported to a world of magic and excitement",


"ID":355
"title":"The Nightingale",
"description":"Bravery, courage, fear and love in a time of war, from New York Times bestselling author Kristin Hannah. \"Wrenching, convincing . . . bittersweet\" Publishers Weekly Despite their differences, sisters Viann and Isabelle have always been close. Younger, bolder Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann is content with life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. But when the Second World War strikes, Antoine is sent off to fight and Viann finds herself isolated so Isabelle is sent by their father to help her. As the war progresses, the sisters' relationship and strength is tested. With life changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquisite in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with atrocities, but also humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they finish reading. PRAISE FOR THE NIGHTINGALE \"Movingly written and plotted with the skill of Greek tragedy. You'll keep turning the pages until the last racking sob\" Daily Mail \"A gripping, emotional read\" SHE magazine \"Brilliant dialogue makes this a compulsive read\" Books Monthly \"I loved The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah, a talented writer of American stories; great characters, great plots, great emotions, who could ask for more in a novel?\" Isabel Allende \"Beautifully written . . . packed with action and emotion\" Sara Gruen, bestselling author of Water for Elephants",


"ID":356
"title":"Before the Fall",


"ID":357
"title":"Advice for New Faculty Members",
"description":"Nihil nimus is a guide to the start of a successful academic career. As its title suggests (nothing in excess), it advocates moderation in ways of working.--From publisher description",


"ID":358
"title":"Big Nudes",
"description":"With his Big Nudes, in the 1980s Helmut Newton created a quite unprecedented long-term bestseller. Simultaneously, it provided a concentrated image of his aesthetic agenda. Powerful women were presented in all their naked truth without fig leaves or fashion frills. This series of black-and-white photos, produced between 1979 and 1981, also marked a stylistic change in Newton's work. Elaborate layouts full of luxury and decadence gave way to an unambiguously formulated and monumental statement \"Here they come!\" Dressed only in their indispensable high heels, Newton's amazons selfconfidently paraded on show. They rippled their muscles and marched individually as well as in formation toward the observer. Helmut Newton's classic work was published by us in 1990 for the first time.",


"ID":359
"title":"Social Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy",
"description":"Compares the economic and social background of modern democracies and dictatorships",


"ID":360
"title":"The Spoken Word Revolution",
"description":"Hear over 70 minutes of electrifying live poetry on 1 audio CD",


"ID":361
"title":"Seeing Like a State",
"description":"An analysis of diverse failures in high-modernist, authoritarian state planning. It covers projects such as collectivization in Russia and the building of Brasilia, arguing that any centrally-managed social plan must recognize the importance of local customs and practical knowledge.",


"ID":362
"description":"NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLERWALL STREET JOURNAL BESTSELLER The Globe and Mail Top Leadership and Management BookForbes Top Creative Leadership Book From the visionary head of Google's innovative People Operations comes a groundbreaking inquiry into the philosophy of work-and a blueprint for attracting the most spectacular talent to your business and ensuring that they succeed. \"We spend more time working than doing anything else in life. It's not right that the experience of work should be so demotivating and dehumanizing.\" So says Laszlo Bock, former head of People Operations at the company that transformed how the world interacts with knowledge. This insight is the heart of WORK RULES!, a compelling and surprisingly playful manifesto that offers lessons including: Take away managers' power over employees Learn from your best employees-and your worst Hire only people who are smarter than you are, no matter how long it takes to find them Pay unfairly (it's more fair!) Don't trust your gut: Use data to predict and shape the future Default to open-be transparent and welcome feedback If you're comfortable with the amount of freedom you've given your employees, you haven't gone far enough. Drawing on the latest research in behavioral economics and a profound grasp of human psychology, WORK RULES! also provides teaching examples from a range of industries-including lauded companies that happen to be hideous places to work and little-known companies that achieve spectacular results by valuing and listening to their employees. Bock takes us inside one of history's most explosively successful businesses to reveal why Google is consistently rated one of the best places to work in the world, distilling 15 years of intensive worker R&D into principles that are easy to put into action, whether you're a team of one or a team of thousands. WORK RULES! shows how to strike a balance between creativity and structure, leading to success you can measure in quality of life as well as market share. Read it to build a better company from within rather than from above; read it to reawaken your joy in what you do.",
"title":"Work Rules!",


"ID":363
"title":"Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy",
"description":"With its original contribution to the consideration of the most important social movements of our time, this book has become one of the most well-known works of social theory written this century",


"ID":364
"title":"Nazi 'Chic'?",
"description":"This is the first book in English to deal comprehensively with German fashion from World War I through to the end of the Third Reich. It explores the failed attempt by the Nazi state to construct a female image that would mirror official gender policies, inculcate feelings of national pride, promote a German victory on the fashion runways of Europe and support a Nazi-controlled European fashion industry. Not only was fashion one of the countrys largest industries throughout the interwar period, but German women ranked among the most elegantly dressed in all of Europe. While exploding the cultural stereotype of the German woman as either a Brunhilde in uniform or a chubby farmers wife, the author reveals the often heated debates surrounding the issue of female image and clothing, as well as the ambiguous and contradictory relationship between official Nazi propaganda and the reality of womens daily lives during this crucial period in German history. Because Hitler never took a firm public stance on fashion, an investigation of fashion policy reveals ambivalent posturing, competing factions and conflicting laws in what was clearly not a monolithic National Socialist state. Drawing on previously neglected primary sources, Guenther unearths new material to detail the inner workings of a government-supported fashion institute and an organization established to help aryanize the German fashion world.How did the few with power maintain style and elegance? How did the majority experience the increased standardization of clothing characteristic of the Nazi years? How did women deal with the severe clothing restrictions brought about by Nazi policies and the exigencies of war? These questions and many others, including the role of anti-Semitism, aryanization and the hypocrisy of Nazi policies, are all thoroughly examined in this pathbreaking book.",


"ID":365
"title":"The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari: A Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams & Reaching Your Destiny",
"description":"Wisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and Peace This inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our life's mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and – live fully, one day at a time A FABLE ABOUT FULFILLING YOUR DREAMS AND REACHING YOUR DESTINY",


"ID":366
"title":"Confucianism",
"description":"Offers an introduction to Confucianism, covering origins, central concepts, festivals, the interplay of yin and yang, and the role of the Five Phases.",


"ID":367
"description":"The author of The Design of Everyday Things links human emotions and perceptions to how we relate to ordinary objects as he explains why attractive things really do work better. 40,000 first printing.",
"title":"Emotional Design",


"ID":368
"title":"The Physics of Solar Cells",
"description":"An introduction to the physics of the photovoltaic cell. It covers the fundamental principles of semiconductor physics and simple models used to describe solar cell operation. It presents theoretical approaches to efficient solar cell design and examines the main practical types of solar cell",


"ID":369
"title":"Commissary Kitchen",
"description":"An inside look at the meal culture in prisons, from the quality of the food to the stories surrounding the",


"ID":370
"title":"The Poetics of Space",
"description":"Shows how our perceptions of home shape our thoughts, memories, and dreams, and discusses each space from cellar to attic",


"ID":371
"title":"Wonder",
"description":"Soon to be a major film starring Julia Roberts, Owen Wilson and Jacob Tremblay. 'My name is August. I won't describe what I look like. Whatever you're thinking, it's probably worse.' Auggie wants to be an ordinary ten-year-old. He does ordinary things - eating ice cream, playing on his Xbox. He feels ordinary - inside. But ordinary kids don't make other ordinary kids run away screaming in playgrounds. Ordinary kids aren't stared at wherever they go. Born with a terrible facial abnormality, Auggie has been home-schooled by his parents his whole life. Now, for the first time, he's being sent to a real school - and he's dreading it. All he wants is to be accepted - but can he convince his new classmates that he's just like them, underneath it all? WONDER is a funny, frank, astonishingly moving debut to read in one sitting, pass on to others, and remember long after the final page.",


"ID":372
"title":"The Intelligent Investor",
"description":"Analyzes the principles of stock selection and various approaches to investing, and compares the patterns and behavior of specific securities under diverse economic conditions",


"ID":373
"title":"The Trumpet of the Swan",
"description":"Swan Song Like the rest of his family, Louis is a trumpeter swan. But unlike his four brothers and sisters, Louis can't trumpet joyfully. In fact, he can't even make a sound. And since he can't trumpet his love, the beautiful swan Serena pays absolutely no attention to him. Louis tries everything he can think of to win Serena's affection -- he even goes to school to learn to read and write. But nothing seems to work. Then his father steals him a real brass trumpet. Is a musical instrument the key to winning Louis his love?",


"ID":374
"title":"Make Lemonade",
"description":"In order to earn money for college, fourteen-year-old LaVaughn babysits for a teenage mother.",


"ID":375
"title":"Predictably Irrational, Revised and Expanded Edition",
"description":"Why do our headaches persist after we take a one-cent aspirin but disappear when we take a fifty-cent aspirin? Why do we splurge on a lavish meal but cut coupons to save twenty-five cents on a can of soup? When it comes to making decisions in our lives, we think we're making smart, rational choices. But are we? In this newly revised and expanded edition of the groundbreaking New York Times bestseller, Dan Ariely refutes the common assumption that we behave in fundamentally rational ways. From drinking coffee to losing weight, from buying a car to choosing a romantic partner, we consistently overpay, underestimate, and procrastinate. Yet these misguided behaviors are neither random nor senseless. They're systematic and predictable—making us predictably irrational.",


"ID":376
"title":"Juni Taisen: Zodiac War",
"description":"Rampage. Weep. Kill. Every 12 years, the 12 signs of the Chinese zodiac take the form of warriors and engage in the ultimate battle royal. They face one another in battles to the death, using all the powers of their star signs, and the sole survivor is granted the ultimate prize—a wish. Any wish. -- VIZ Media",


"ID":377
"title":"Naruto, Vol. 69",
"description":"With Obito finally defeated, all attention now turns to the man behind everything bad that has happened, Madara. Naruto and Sasuke will need to work together if they have any chance of stopping this fearsome foe. But what will happen when the Nine Tails fox demon is forcibly removed from Naruto?! -- VIZ Media",


"ID":378
"title":"Postmodernist Fiction",
"description":"Postmodernism is not a found object, but a manufactured artifact. Beginning from this constructivist premise Brian McHale develops a series of readings of problematically postmodernist novels - Joyce's Ulysses, Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow and Vineland, Eco's The Name of the Rose and Foucault's Pendulum, the novels of Joseph McElroy and Christine Brooke-Rose, avant-garde works such as Kathy Acker's Empire of the Senseless, and the works of cyberpunk science-fiction by William Gibson, Bruce Sterling, Lewis Shiner, Rudy Rucker and others. Although mainly focused on 'high' or 'elite' cultural products - 'art' novels - Constructing Postmodernism relates these products to such phenomena of postmodern popular culture as television and the cinema, paranoia and nuclear apocalypse, angelology and the cybernetic interface, and death, now as always (in spite of what Captain Kirk says) the true Final Frontier. McHale's previous book, Postmodernist Fiction, had seemed to propose a single, all-inclusive inventory of postmodernist poetics. This book, by contrast, proposes multiple, overlapping and interesting inventories - not a construction of postmodernism, but a plurality of constructions. - Publisher.",


"ID":379
"title":"Finding the Winning Edge",
"description":"The head coach of the San Francisco 49ers outlines the successful strategies he used to transform the team from an organization in disarray to a team renowned for its excellence",


"ID":380
"title":"Rich People Problems",
"description":"Kevin Kwan, bestselling author of Crazy Rich Asians and China Rich Girlfriend, is back with an uproarious new novel of a family riven by fortune, an ex-wife driven psychotic with jealousy, a battle royal fought through couture gown sabotage, and the heir to one of Asia's greatest fortunes locked out of his inheritance. When Nicholas Young hears that his grandmother, Su Yi, is on her deathbed, he rushes to be by her bedside—but he's not alone. The entire Shang-Young clan has convened from all corners of the globe to stake claim on their matriarch’s massive fortune. With each family member vying to inherit Tyersall Park—a trophy estate on 64 prime acres in the heart of Singapore—Nicholas’s childhood home turns into a hotbed of speculation and sabotage. As her relatives fight over heirlooms, Astrid Leong is at the center of her own storm, desperately in love with her old sweetheart Charlie Wu, but tormented by her ex-husband—a man hell bent on destroying Astrid’s reputation and relationship. Meanwhile Kitty Pong, married to China’s second richest man, billionaire Jack Bing, still feels second best next to her new step-daughter, famous fashionista Colette Bing. A sweeping novel that takes us from the elegantly appointed mansions of Manila to the secluded private islands in the Sulu Sea, from a kidnapping at Hong Kong’s most elite private school to a surprise marriage proposal at an Indian palace, caught on camera by the telephoto lenses of paparazzi, Kevin Kwan's hilarious, gloriously wicked new novel reveals the long-buried secrets of Asia's most privileged families and their rich people problems.",


"ID":381
"title":"Libraries in the Ancient World",
"description":"Telling the story of ancient libraries from their very beginnings, when \"books\" were clay tablets, a renowned classicist takes readers on a lively tour from the royal libraries of the ancient Near East to the private and public libraries of Greece and Rome, down to the first Christian monastic libraries, explaining what books were acquired and how. Illustrations.",


"ID":382
"title":"Topophilia",
"description":"Topophilia and Topophobia' offers timely reflections on the human habitat in the 20th century. The expression of topophilia and topophobia belong to our time, an ambivalence between the love and aversion for a place has been a recurrant paradox in human history",


"ID":383
"title":"Justice",
"description":"A Harvard professor assesses the role of justice in today's society as well as the moral responsibilities faced by everyday citizens, weighing a range of issues from euthanasia and abortion to affirmative action and tax structuring. Reprint. A best-selling book.",


"ID":384
"title":"Crystal Fire",
"description":"Focuses on the human factors behind the invention of the twentieth century's defining artifact, the transistor, highlighting the pride, jealousy, and scientific ambitions of the Bell Labs team who spawned the epoch-making technology.",


"ID":385
"title":"The Power",
"description":"One of the New York Times's Ten Best Books of 2017A Los Angeles Times Best Book of 2017One of the Washington Post's Ten Best Books of 2017An NPR Best Book of 2017One of Entertainment Weekly's Ten Best Books of 2017A Bustle Best Book of 2017A Paste Magazine Best Novel of 2017 \"The Power is our era's The Handmaid's Tale.\" --Ron Charles, Washington Post \"Novels based on premises like the one at the core of The Power can quickly become little more than thought experiments, but Alderman dodges this trap deftly -- her writing is beautiful, and her intelligence seems almost limitless. She also has a pitch-dark sense of humor that she wields perfectly.\" --Michael Schaub, NPR A New York Times Book Review Editors' Choice An Amazon Best Book of 2017 **WINNER OF THE 2017 BAILEYS WOMEN'S PRIZE FOR FICTION** What would happen if women suddenly possessed a fierce new power? In THE POWER, the world is a recognizable place: there's a rich Nigerian boy who lounges around the family pool; a foster kid whose religious parents hide their true nature; an ambitious American politician; a tough London girl from a tricky family. But then a vital new force takes root and flourishes, causing their lives to converge with devastating effect. Teenage girls now have immense physical power--they can cause agonizing pain and even death. And, with this small twist of nature, the world drastically resets. From award-winning author Naomi Alderman, THE POWER is speculative fiction at its most ambitious and provocative, at once taking us on a thrilling journey to an alternate reality, and exposing our own world in bold and surprising ways.",


"ID":386
"title":"Prescription for Nutritional Healing",
"description":"An overview of the healing properties of vitamins, minerals, herbs, and nutritional supplements offers the latest findings about fresh foods and reveals how to naturally treat common problems.",


"ID":387
"title":"Language and Power",
"description":"Language and Power is about how language works to maintain and change power relations in contemporary society, and how understanding these processes can enable people to resist and change them. Substantial changes in social life have taken place in the decade since the original publication, which have changed the nature of unequal power relations, and therefore the agenda for the critical study of language. In this second edition, Norman Fairclough brings the discussion completely up-to-date with the inclusion of a new chapter covering the 'globalisation' of power relations and the development of the internet in relation to language and power.",


"ID":388
"title":"I Do What I Do",
"description":"When Raghuram G. Rajan took charge as Governor of the Reserve Bank of India in September 2013, the rupee was in free fall, inflation was high, India had a large current account deficit, and India's exchange reserves were falling. As measure after measure failed to stabilize markets, speculators sensed a full-blown crisis and labelled India one of the Fragile Five economies. Rajan's response was to go all out, not just to tackle the crisis of confidence, but also to send a strong message about the strength of India's institutions and the country's ongoing programme of reform. He outlined a vision that went beyond the immediate crisis to focus on long-term growth and stability, thus restoring investor confidence. Boldness and farsightedness would be characteristic of the decisions he took in the ensuing three years. Rajan's commentary and speeches in I Do What I Do convey what it was like to be at the helm of the central bank in those turbulent but exciting times. Whether on dosanomics or on debt relief, Rajan explains economic concepts in a readily accessible way. Equally, he addresses key issues that are not in any banking manual but essential to growth: the need for tolerance and respect to assure India's economic progress, for instance, or the connection between political freedom and prosperity. I Do What I Do offers a front-row view into the thinking of one of the world's most respected economists, one whose commitment to India's progress shines through in the essays and speeches here. It also brings home what every RBI Governor discovers for himself when he sits down at his desk on the 18th floor: the rupee stops here. Right here!",


"ID":389
"title":"If on a Winter's Night a Traveler",
"description":"Italo Calvino imagines a novel capable of endless mutations in this intricately crafted story about writing and readers. If on a Winter's Night a Traveler turns out to be not one novel but ten, each with a different plot, style, ambience, and author, and each interrupted at a moment of suspense. Together they form a labyrinth of literatures, known and unknown, alive and extinct, through which two readers, a male and a female, pursue both the story lines that intrigue them and one another.",


"ID":390
"title":"Enfoldment and Infinity",
"description":"Tracing the connections--both visual and philosophical--between new media art and classical Islamic art.",


"ID":391
"title":"Reinventing Organizations",
"description":"The way we manage organizations seems increasingly out of date. Deep inside, we sense that more is possible. We long for soulful workplaces, for authenticity, community, passion, and purpose. In this groundbreaking book, the author shows that every time, in the past, when humanity has shifted to a new stage of consciousness, it has achieved extraordinary breakthroughs in collaboration. A new shift in consciousness is currently underway. Could it help us invent a more soulful and purposeful way to run our businesses and nonprofits, schools and hospitals ? A few pioneers have already cracked the code and they show us, in practical detail, how it can be done. Leaders, founders, coaches, and consultants will find this work a joyful handbook, full of insights, examples, and inspiring stories.",


"ID":392
"description":"(Easy Piano Songbook). Easy arrangements of 17 songs from the film adaptation of the megahit musical featuring the songs of ABBA. Includes: Dancing Queen * Does Your Mother Know * Honey, Honey * I Have a Dream * The Name of the Game * Super Trouper * Take a Chance on Me * The Winner Takes It All * and more.",
"title":"Mamma Mia! (Songbook)",


"ID":393
"title":"Options, Futures and Other Derivatives",
"description":"Updated and revised to reflect the most current information, this introduction to futures and options markets is ideal for those with a limited background in mathematics. Based on Hull's Options, Futures and Other Derivatives, one of the best-selling books on Wall Street, this book presents an accessible overview of the topic without the use of calculus. Packed with numerical samples and accounts of real-life situations, the Fifth Edition effectively guides readers through the material while providing them with a host of tangible examples. For professionals with a career in futures and options markets, financial engineering and/or risk management.",


"ID":394
"title":"One Piece, Vol. 82",
"description":"Luffy and crew are shocked to learn that the Minks were hiding Raizo all along! But just why were the Minks so loyal to this mysterious ninja? When the Straw Hats learn the truth, they'll need to set their sights on taking down one of the four pirate emperors! -- VIZ Media",


"ID":395
"title":"The Machine That Changed the World",
"description":"Examines Japan's innovative, highly successful production methods",


"ID":396
"title":"The Girl on the Train",
"description":"THE RUNAWAY SUNDAY TIMES NO.1 BESTSELLER AND THRILLER OF THE YEAR, NOW A MAJOR FILM STARRING EMILY BLUNT 'Really great suspense novel. Kept me up most of the night. The alcoholic narrator is dead perfect' STEPHEN KING Rachel catches the same commuter train every morning. She knows it will wait at the same signal each time, overlooking a row of back gardens. She’s even started to feel like she knows the people who live in one of the houses. ‘Jess and Jason’, she calls them. Their life – as she sees it – is perfect. If only Rachel could be that happy. And then she sees something shocking. It’s only a minute until the train moves on, but it’s enough. Now everything’s changed. Now Rachel has a chance to become a part of the lives she’s only watched from afar. Now they’ll see; she’s much more than just the girl on the train...",


"ID":397
"title":"You Are Special",
"description":"This special paperback gift edition of a beloved storyteller's bestselling classic will point children and adults to the important truth that everyone is special, no matter what.",


"ID":398
"title":"The Sun Is Also a Star",
"description":"#1 New York Times bestselling author Nicola Yoon is back with her second book, and just like Everything, Everything, it's an instant classic with a love story that's just as intense as Maddy and Olly's--get ready for Natasha and Daniel. This book is inspired by Big History (to learn about one thing, you have to learn about everything). In The Sun is Also a Star, to understand the characters and their love story, we must know everything around them and everything that came before them that has affected who they are and what they experience. Two teens--Daniel, the son of Korean shopkeepers, and Natasha, whose family is here illegally from Jamaica--cross paths in New York City on an eventful day in their lives--Daniel is on his way to an interview with a Yale alum, Natasha is meeting with a lawyer to try and prevent her family's deportation to Jamaica--and fall in love.",


"ID":399
"title":"Data Structures and Algorithms in Python",
"description":"Based on the authors market leading data structures books in Java and C++, this textbook offers a comprehensive, definitive introduction to data structures in Python by authoritative authors. Data Structures and Algorithms in Python is the first authoritative object-oriented book available for the Python data structures course. Designed to provide a comprehensive introduction to data structures and algorithms, including their design, analysis, and implementation, the text will maintain the same general structure as Data Structures and Algorithms in Java and Data Structures and Algorithms in C++.",


"ID":400
"title":"'Twas the Night Before Christmas",
"description":"Delightful illustrations accompany this version of the beloved children's classic",


"ID":401
"title":"Arabs at War",
"description":"Assesses the military performances of Iraq, Egypt, Jordan, Libya, Saudi Arabia, and Syria, from the first military engagements between Egypt and Israel to the 1991 Gulf War.",


"ID":402
"title":"A Man of Honor",
"description":"The onetime Godfather provides a unique view of life inside the Mafia, describing the organization and its important figures and his vision of this closed society as a confederacy of men of honor. Reprint.",


"ID":403
"title":"The New Media Monopoly",
"description":"\"Ben Bagdikian has written the first great media book of the twenty-first century. The New Media Monopoly will provide a roadmap to understanding how we got here and where we need to go to make matters better.\" —Robert McChesney, author of Rich Media, Poor Democracy \"No book on the media has proved as influential to our understanding of the dangers of corporate consolidation to democracy and the marketplace of ideas; this new edition builds on those works and surpasses them.\" —Eric Alterman, author of What Liberal Media? Praise for the First Edition of The Media Monopoly: \"A groundbreaking work that charts a historical shift in the orientation of the majority of America's communications media—further away from the needs of the individual and closer to those of big business.\" —Bruce Manuel, Christian Science Monitor When the first edition of The Media Monopoly was published in 1983, critics called Ben Bagdikian's warnings about the chilling effects of corporate ownership and mass advertising on the nation's news \"alarmist.\" Since then, the number of corporations controlling most of America's daily newspapers, magazines, radio and television stations, book publishers, and movie companies has dwindled from fifty to ten to five. The most respected critique of modern mass media ever issued is now published in a completely updated and revised twentieth anniversary edition.",


"ID":404
"title":"Kid Chef",
"description":"Just because they're young doesn't mean kids who show an interest in cooking only aspire to make nachos or assemble sandwiches. They want to bring their skills to the table--and make dishes the whole family can be proud of. Kid Chef is the only cookbook that gives a crash course in culinary training to kids ages 8 to 13 that also treats them like grown ups. Forget cartoons of flying strawberries and recipes for smiley-face pancakes. This book teaches basic skills, from measuring ingredients to slicing produce to frying an egg. It includes recipes meant to increase kitchen confidence while satisfying the curiosity and bellies of burgeoning little foodies everywhere. Features include: * 75 healthy and tasty recipes that range in complexity, from Spaghetti and Meatballs to Miso-Glazed Salmon * Stylish illustrations of popular kitchen tools and equipment * Instructions for kitchen basics like measuring, chopping, and mixing * Kitchen terminology, factoids, and anecdotes * Information about good nutrition * Recipes from real kids",


"ID":405
"title":"Emotional Intelligence",
"description":"Based on the most recent studies in psychology and neuroscience, a report on the rational and emotional properties of the human mind explains how they shape everything from personal success to physical well-being.",


"ID":406
"title":"The Gruffalo Activity Book",
"description":"\"A mouse took a stroll through the deep dark wood. A fox saw the mouse and the mouse looked good.\"Walk further into the deep dark wood, and discover what happens when the quick-thinking mouse comes face to face with an owl, a snake and a hungry gruffalo . . . Julia Donaldson and Axel Scheffler's The Gruffalo has become a bestselling phenomenon across the world. This award-winning rhyming story of a mouse and a monster is now a modern classic, and will enchant children for years to come.",


"ID":407
"title":"Commandant of Auschwitz",
"description":"A self-portrait, composed by a man deeply involved with Nazi Germany's Final Solution, takes the reader behind the scenes in one of Germany's most notorious death camps. Written immediately after his capture, the book offers a most vivid account of this horrific and defining event.",


"ID":408
"title":"What to Expect When You're Expecting",
"description":"'The first book you should buy after the pregnancy test comes back positive!' Sally Wendkos Olds, co-author of THE COMPLETE BOOK OF BREASTFEEDING With over 14.5 million copies in print, Australia's pregnancy bible WHAt tO EXPECt WHEN YOU'RE EXPECtING is the iconic, must-have book for parents-to-be. this is tHE book for a new generation of expectant parents. Its up-to-date information reflects what's new in pregnancy and what's relevant to today's pregnant women. Heidi Murkoff has rewritten every section, answering dozens of new questions and including new by-demand material, such as detailed week-by-week fetal development guides in each of the monthly chapters, more on pre-conception, and a section on carrying multiples. More comprehensive and reassuring than ever, the fourth edition incorporates the most recent developments in obstetrics and addresses current lifestyle trends: from tattooing and belly piercing to Botox and aromatherapy. there's more than ever on practical matters: an expanded section on workplace concerns; physical - with more symptoms and more solutions; emotional - more advice on riding the mood rollercoaster; nutritional - from low-carb to vegan, from junk food-dependent to caffeine-addicted; and sexual - what's hot and what's not in pregnant lovemaking; as well as much more support for the expectant dad. Overflowing with tips, helpful hints, and humour - a pregnant woman's best friend, this new edition is easier to use than ever before.",


"ID":409
"title":"Flowers for Algernon",
"description":"When brain surgery makes a mouse into a genius, dull-witted Charlie Gordon wonders if it might also work for him.",


"ID":410
"title":"Future Shock",
"description":"Predicts the pace of environmental change during the next thirty years and the ways in which the individual must face and learn to cope with personal and social change",


"ID":411
"title":"Women and Gender in Islam",
"description":"Explores the historical roots of the debate about women in Islamic societies by tracing the developments in Islamic discourses on women and gender up to the present. The book describes the gender systems in place in the Middle East both before and after the rise of Islam.",


"ID":412
"description":"While many books explain the how of bitcoin, The Internet of Money delves into the why of bitcoin. Acclaimed information-security expert and author of Mastering Bitcoin, Andreas M. Antonopoulos examines and contextualizes the significance of bitcoin through a series of essays spanning the exhilarating maturation of this technology. Bitcoin, a technological breakthrough quietly introduced to the world in 2008, is transforming much more than finance. Bitcoin is disrupting antiquated industries to bring financial independence to billions worldwide. In this book, Andreas explains why bitcoin is a financial and technological evolution with potential far exceeding the label -digital currency.- Andreas goes beyond exploring the technical functioning of the bitcoin network by illuminating bitcoin's philosophical, social, and historical implications. As the internet has essentially transformed how people around the world interact and has permanently impacted our lives in ways we never could have imagined, bitcoin--the internet of money--is fundamentally changing our approach to solving social, political, and economic problems through decentralized technology.",
"title":"The Internet of Money",


"ID":413
"title":"The Blind Watchmaker",
"description":"Clarifies the seemingly implausible aspects of Darwin's theory, drawing on the famous watch comparison argued by William Paley, the eighteenth-century theologian",


"ID":414
"title":"The Ottoman Empire",
"description":"Covering the greatest three centuries of Turkish history, this book tells the story of the Ottoman Empire's growth into a vast Middle Eastern Power. Born as a military frontier principality at the turn of the Fourteenth century, Turkey developed into the dominant force in Anatolia and the Balkans, growing to become the most powerful Islamic state after 1517 when it incorporated the old Arab lands. This distinctively Eastern culture, with all its detail and intricacies, is explored here by a pre-eminent scholar of Turkish history. He gives a striking picture of the prominence of religion and warfare in everyday life as well as the traditions of statecraft, administration, social values, financial and land policies. The definitive account, this is an indispensable companion to anyone with an interest in Islam, Turkey and the Balkans.",


"ID":415
"title":"The Cay",
"description":"Follows the adventures, joys, and heartaches of a privileged and prejudiced Dutch boy stranded on a remote tropical island with a kindly and wise West Indian, following an enemy attack on a boat leaving Curacao.",


"ID":416
"description":"Traces the evolution of Coca-Cola from its quiet beginnings to the influential giant of today, and includes trivia facts, company lore, and stories of Coca-Cola's \"secret formula.\"",
"title":"For God, Country and Coca-Cola",


"ID":417
"title":"Science",
"description":"Vols. for 1911-13 contain the Proceedings of the Helminthological Society of Washington, 1st-15th meeting.",


"ID":418
"title":"Lloyd's Register of British and Foreign Shipping",


"ID":419
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":420
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":421
"title":"Volcanoes of Mindanao: List of Inactive Volcanoes in the Philippines, Camiguin, Mount Hibok-Hibok, Mount Apo, Mount Malindang, Mount Matutum",
"description":"Please note that the content of this book primarily consists of articles available from Wikipedia or other free sources online. Pages: 18. Chapters: Balatukan, Balut Island, Baya, Ganassi, Binaca, Upi, Bud Dajo, Butung, Camiguin, Camiguin Mindanao, Dakut, Jolo Group, Leonard Kniaseff, Mount Alu, Mount Apo, Mount Dulang-dulang, Mount Hibok-Hibok, Mount Kalatungan, Mount Kitanglad, Mount Makaturing, Mount Malindang, Mount Matutum, Mount Parker (Philippines), Mount Ragang, Musuan Peak, Paco (volcano). Excerpt: Camiguin is an island province of the Philippines located in the Bohol Sea, about 10 km (6.2 mi) off the northern coast of Mindanao. It is politically part of the Northern Mindanao Region of the country and formerly a part of Misamis Oriental province. Camiguin is the second-smallest in the country both in population and land area after Batanes. Mambajao is the capital of the province and its largest municipality both in area and population. Camiguin is a pearl-shaped island with an area of approximately 238 km (92 sq mi). The island measures about 23 kilometres (14 mi) at its longest and 14.5 kilometres (9.0 mi) at its widest breadth. The island is mountainous with the highest elevation reaching over 5,000 ft (1,500 m). It is encircled by a national road with a total length of about 64 kilometres (40 mi). As of the August 1, 2007 census, the province has a 5th class income classification with a population of 81,293. The province of Camiguin is divided into five municipalities, the largest of which is Mambajao. The towns are further subdivided into a total of 58 barangays. The five municipalities are: The name Camiguin is derived from the native word \"Kamagong,\" a species of the ebony tree that thrives near Lake Mainit in the province of Surigao del Norte, the region from which the earlier inhabitants of the islands, the Manobos, came. Kinamigin, the local language of Camiguin, is closely related to the Manobo language. An earlier Spanish geography book writes the island as \"Camiguing.\" There is reason to suppose the Spaniards dropped the final g. Old Spanish documents indicate that the renowned explorers Ferdinand Magellan and Miguel Lopez de Legazpi landed in Camiguin in 1521 and 1565, respectively. The first Spanish settlement was established in 1598 in what is now Guinsiliban. Guinsiliban which comes from the old Kinamiguin word \"Ginsil-ipan\" which means \"to look out for pirates from a watchtower\" has an old Spanish watchtower where the Camiguinons kept watch fo",


"ID":422
"title":"Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists",
"description":"The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists is the premier public resource on scientific and technological developments that impact global security. Founded by Manhattan Project Scientists, the Bulletin's iconic \"Doomsday Clock\" stimulates solutions for a safer world.",


"ID":423
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":424
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":425
"title":"New York Magazine",
"description":"New York magazine was born in 1968 after a run as an insert of the New York Herald Tribune and quickly made a place for itself as the trusted resource for readers across the country. With award-winning writing and photography covering everything from politics and food to theater and fashion, the magazine's consistent mission has been to reflect back to its audience the energy and excitement of the city itself, while celebrating New York as both a place and an idea.",


"ID":426
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":427
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":428
"title":"All the Year Round",


"ID":429
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":430
"title":"New York Magazine",
"description":"New York magazine was born in 1968 after a run as an insert of the New York Herald Tribune and quickly made a place for itself as the trusted resource for readers across the country. With award-winning writing and photography covering everything from politics and food to theater and fashion, the magazine's consistent mission has been to reflect back to its audience the energy and excitement of the city itself, while celebrating New York as both a place and an idea.",


"ID":431
"title":"Settlements at the Edge",
"description":"Settlements at the Edge examines the evolution, characteristics, functions and shifting economic basis of settlements in sparsely populated areas of developed nations. With a focus on demographic change, the book features theoretical and applied cases which explore the interface between demography, economy, well-being and the environment. This book offers a comprehensive and insightful knowledge base for understanding the role of population in shaping the development and histories of northern sparsely populated areas of developed nations including Alaska (USA), Australia, Canada, Greenland, Norway, Russia, Sweden, Finland and other nations with territories within the Arctic Circle.",


"ID":432
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":433
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":434
"title":"Proceedings",


"ID":435
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":436
"title":"Reading Group Choices",


"ID":437
"title":"Proceedings",


"ID":438
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":439
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":440
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":441
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":442
"title":"Climbing the Limitless Ladder",
"description":"This invaluable book is an autobiographical account of doing scientific research in India. It provides an insight to the perseverance of a scientist from a developing country. His relentless pursuit of excellence in chemistry for more than half a century is a remarkable source of inspiration to young scientists facing modern-day challenges.",


"ID":443
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":444
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":445
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":446
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":447
"title":"Journal of the Tennessee Academy of Science",
"description":"List of members in each volume.",


"ID":448
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":449
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":450
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":451
"title":"Notice on the Megatherium Brought from Buenos Ayres by Woodbine Parish...",


"ID":452
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":453
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":454
"title":"An Essay on Waters",


"ID":455
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":456
"title":"Explaining Decisions in the European Union",
"description":"Explaining outcomes of decision-making at the European level has occupied scholars since the late 1950s, yet analysts continue to disagree on the most important factors in the process. In this book, Arne Niemann examines the interplay of the supranational, governmental and non-governmental actors involved in EU integration, along with the influence of domestic, supranational and international structures. The book restates and develops neofunctionalism as an approach for explaining decisions in the European Union and assesses the usefulness of the revised neofunctionalist framework on three case studies: the emergence and development of the PHARE programme, the reform of the Common Commercial Policy, and the communitarisation of visa, asylum and immigration policy. Niemann argues that this classic theory can be modified in such a way as to draw on a wider theoretical repertoire and that many micro-level concepts can sensibly be accommodated within his larger neofunctionalist framework.",


"ID":457
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":458
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":459
"title":"Proceedings",
"description":"Advances in communications circuits applications and SAW component design and manufacturing are described. Acoustic optics applications in medical imaging, research, diagnosis, and treatment protocols are reviewed. Advances in nondestructive testing and ultrasonic manufacturing processes are discussed.",


"ID":460
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":461
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":462
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":463
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":464
"title":"The Chinese National Top Level Courses Project: Using Open Educational Resources to Promote Quality in Undergraduate Teaching",


"ID":465
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":466
"title":"Biodiversity and the Precautionary Principle",
"description":"Great uncertainty typically surrounds decisions and management actions in the conservation of biodiversity and natural resource management, and yet there are risks of serious and irreversible harm for both biodiversity and the humans that rely on it. The precautionary principle arguably underlies all international conservation efforts and promotes acting to avoid serious or irreversible environmental harm, despite lack of scientific certainty as to the likelihood, magnitude or cause of harm. This book is the first to examine the application of the precautionary principle to biodiversity conservation and natural resource management, incorporating perspectives from scientists, economists, lawyers and practitioners from both developing and developed countries. It analyses the application and impacts of the principle in many areas including forestry, invasive alien species, wildlife trade, protected areas and fisheries, in a range of national and international contexts. Particular attention is drawn to issues of equity, livelihoods, science and politics, and the book provides guidelines for applying the precautionary principle to biodiversity conservation and natural resource management.",


"ID":467
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":468
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":469
"title":"Proceedings of the International Symposium on Design and Environmental Control of Tropical and Subtropical Greenhouses",


"ID":470
"title":"Proceedings",


"ID":471
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":472
"title":"GAMS",


"ID":473
"title":"The Scientific Study of Society",
"description":"This book presents an abstract discussion of social science, in a period when science in all forms is under attack, does little to inform the debate on its role and progress. Moreover, there is a strong and growing tendency for work that is far from scientific to go under the label of social sciences. The Scientific Study of Society undertakes the novel approach of reviewing the journal literature on six different topics by each of the five social sciences, and so highlights the contrasting approaches of each of the disciplines. Recent work by anthropologists, economists, political scientists, social psychologists and sociologists on crime, migration, the family, housing, money and religion is examined. The topics are of concern to policy makers and the book argues that policy makers should make wider use of scientific knowledge in addressing these and other social issues.",


"ID":474
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":475
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":476
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":477
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":478
"title":"Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists",
"description":"The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists is the premier public resource on scientific and technological developments that impact global security. Founded by Manhattan Project Scientists, the Bulletin's iconic \"Doomsday Clock\" stimulates solutions for a safer world.",


"ID":479
"title":"Defeating Autism",
"description":"Autism: disease, disorder or difference? What causes autism – genes or environment? Can biomedical treatments cure autism, and are they safe? An increased public awareness of autism has resulted in a rising trend of diagnoses, creating the impression of an ‘epidemic’. Many parents of children newly diagnosed with autism have been impressed by plausible theories blaming vaccines and other environmental causes. Many have also been captivated by claims that ‘biomedical’ treatments – including special diets and supplements, detoxification and medications – can achieve dramatic results. In Defeating Autism, Michael Fitzpatrick, a family doctor and father of a son with autism, questions the scientific basis of environmental explanations of autism and exposes the incoherence of unorthodox ‘biomedical’ theories and therapies. This book reveals that these therapies are far from pioneering interventions and they remain unsubstantiated by scientific authorities. Campaigns promising to ‘defeat or cure autism now’ have attracted much support among parents struggling with their difficult children. But the crusade against autism risks dehumanising and stigmatising those who are identified as autistic and their families. This compelling book is essential reading for students and professionals working in the field of autism, as well as academics concerned with the public understanding of science and the treatment of scientific and medical controversies in the media.",


"ID":480
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":481
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":482
"title":"Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists",
"description":"The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists is the premier public resource on scientific and technological developments that impact global security. Founded by Manhattan Project Scientists, the Bulletin's iconic \"Doomsday Clock\" stimulates solutions for a safer world.",


"ID":483
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":484
"title":"MSF and Srebrenica, 1993-2003",
"description":"The case study ‘MSF and Srebrenica 1993-2003’ explores the constraints and dilemmas raised when MSF spoke out about the events that occurred in Srebrenica’s Muslim enclave. The enclave was besieged in 1993 and then seized by Bosnian Serb forces in July 1995. 8,000 men over the age of 16 were massacred, despite the presence of United Nations peacekeeping forces supposedly providing protection in what had been declared a ‘security zone’. With teams present in the enclave throughout, Médecins Sans Frontières testified to what happened and called on the various countries involved to hold inquiries and establish where military and political responsibility lay for the fall of the enclave and abandon of the people of Srebrenica. By agreeing to provide a minimally acceptable level of relief to a besieged population, wasn’t MSF contributing to the strategy of the besieging troops while concurrently softening their image? Could MSF call for the evacuation of civilians who wished to leave thereby risking abetting the ethnic cleansing policy of the besieging army? Having trusted the UN Protection Force’s commitment to protect the enclave and its population, must MSF accept partial culpability for or complicity in the UN’s abandonment of the enclave and the ensuing massacre of the population? Didn’t MSF give the population the false impression that it would be safe as long as the team was present? Is it the role of a humanitarian medical organisation to issue an appeal for an investigative parliamentary commission then, once it is established, to actively monitor it with a critical eye? Contrarily, how can MSF not try to understand the circumstances and responsibilities, which, at the global level, led to the abandonment and massacre of a population to which its teams had provided relief? Can MSF be content with calling for a parliamentary investigation without ensuring that it asks the types of questions likely to elicit answers that shed light on the events? Should Srebrenica be viewed as an accident of history or as a clear-cut example of the impossibility of protecting populations under international mandates established by the UN?",


"ID":485
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":486
"title":"China's Power Sector",
"description":"Prepared by the East Asian Institute, NUS, which promotes research on East Asian developments particularly the political, economic and social development of contemporary China (including Hong Kong and Taiwan), this series of research reports is intended for policy makers and readers who want to keep abreast of the latest developments in China.",


"ID":487
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":488
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":489
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":490
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":491
"title":"Mother Jones Magazine",
"description":"Mother Jones is an award-winning national magazine widely respected for its groundbreaking investigative reporting and coverage of sustainability and environmental issues.",


"ID":492
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":493
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":494
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":495
"title":"Legal Reform and Business Contracts in Developing Economies",
"description":"This book examines the prospects for business law reform to drive economic development in developing countries. It argues that, despite statements to the contrary, cultural factors and other local conditions in developing countries are not properly taken into account in current business law reform programs. Utilizing the city of Dakar as an example, this book investigates the consequences of this lack of fit between local needs and transplanted legal models by examining the potential and actual impact of the OHADA program of law reform on local business practices. Focusing on how managers make decisions and apply appropriate norms in routine business operations, the book documents how contractual disputes arise and are solved in Dakar and the role played by formal law in these processes. By examining imported law from the point of view of the end-users of legal reforms, the book reveals the complex relationship between formal law, local cultural norms and the activities of SMEs operating in developing economies, and calls for a reconsideration of current law and development theory as well as the role of contract law in business decisions. It will be relevant to all developing countries seeking to align their laws with ‘best practice’ as identified by aid institutions.",


"ID":496
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":497
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":498
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":499
"title":"Business Information: Needs and Satisfaction",
"description":"The dynamic and turbulent second half of the 20th century, as well as the beginning of the 21st century, have been and still are accompanied by factors relating to information in one or other way: information technologies (IT), information systems (IS), information society, information economy and others. The technical foundation of these factors – the contemporary information technologies – became widely adopted, accessible to many users, and keep being perfected in terms of their functions and performance. IT developments have been followed by substantial value expectations that largely drive the IT industry as one of the most dynamic industries in the world. It is hard to underestimate the value created by IT applications, especially when an insightful use of IT has provided its users with opportunities that had been unheard of just a short time ago. On the other hand, the history of IT use brings out numerous cases that are not too successful, and from the time perspective, we can state that a wide application of IT does not automatically guarantee the creation of more value or efficient activities, regardless of proven potential. Apart from this, the role of IT in the life of contemporary society develops some controversial features: considering that information activities demand more and more time and attention that are rather scarce resources in the activities of a society member, the use of said resources is far from efficient. It has to be noted that this book discusses information needs and the role of information technologies in satisfying them. Although information issues are often discussed in relation to knowledge issues, and many sources point out that the two are closely related, this book does not discuss either the definition of knowledge or knowledge management, with the exception of several inevitable touch points. Business information activities and information functions often are considered secondary to the main activities, but actually they are a vital binding environment for any rational activities. Information has been important for all activities and at all times; nevertheless, its role received deeper and more focused research only with the proliferation of computer information technologies. The area of IT use and servicing of information needs is rather complicated and requires substantial knowledge and competence. The amount of experience accumulated in the field is huge; however, part of it has a short life cycle due to the rapid advance of information technologies. It is no easy task to search the kaleidoscopic variety of IT application problems for solid reference points that would hold over time. The monograph presents an assumption that the search for such reference points should start in the area of user information needs. The area of satisfying information needs, and business information needs in particular, has merited research interest for a long time and in many aspects. A number of important sub-areas has developed over time: management information systems, data and information management, information strategy, decision support, business intelligence, information economy, etc. It is worth noting that in the area of satisfying complex information needs, for some time principal attention has been given to the topics of decision support, decision modeling, and expert systems. Over time, other topics came in to replace them, namely, business intelligence, although it would be fair to note that current research in business intelligence and related fields largely owes to the previous foundation work of decision support researchers. Regardless of the vast number of research publications, the research space lacks work that is centered around an information user (a person, a group, an entire organization) and the projection of user information needs into the potential of information technologies and systems.",


"ID":500
"title":"Colonialism and Neocolonialism",
"description":"Colonialism and Neo-Colonialism is a classic critique of France's policies in Algeria in the 1950s and 1960s and inspired much subsequent writing on colonialism, post-colonialism, politics, and literature. It includes Sartre's celebrated preface to Fanon's classic Wretched of the Earth. Colonialism and Neo-Colonialism had a profound impact on French intellectual life, inspiring many other influential French thinkers and critics of colonialism such as Jean-Francois Lyotard, Frantz Fanon, Pierre Bourdieu and Jacques Derrida.",


"ID":501
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":502
"title":"Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists",
"description":"The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists is the premier public resource on scientific and technological developments that impact global security. Founded by Manhattan Project Scientists, the Bulletin's iconic \"Doomsday Clock\" stimulates solutions for a safer world.",


"ID":503
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":504
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":505
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":506
"title":"Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists",
"description":"The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists is the premier public resource on scientific and technological developments that impact global security. Founded by Manhattan Project Scientists, the Bulletin's iconic \"Doomsday Clock\" stimulates solutions for a safer world.",


"ID":507
"title":"InfoWorld",
"description":"InfoWorld is targeted to Senior IT professionals. Content is segmented into Channels and Topic Centers. InfoWorld also celebrates people, companies, and projects.",


"ID":508
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":509
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":510
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":511
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":512
"title":"New Scientist",
"description":"New Scientist magazine was launched in 1956 \"for all those men and women who are interested in scientific discovery, and in its industrial, commercial and social consequences\". The brand's mission is no different today - for its consumers, New Scientist reports, explores and interprets the results of human endeavour set in the context of society and culture.",


"ID":513
"title":"LIFE",
"description":"LIFE Magazine is the treasured photographic magazine that chronicled the 20th Century. It now lives on at LIFE.com, the largest, most amazing collection of professional photography on the internet. Users can browse, search and view photos of today’s people and events. They have free access to share, print and post images for personal use.",


"ID":514
"title":"Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists",
"description":"The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists is the premier public resource on scientific and technological developments that impact global security. Founded by Manhattan Project Scientists, the Bulletin's iconic \"Doomsday Clock\" stimulates solutions for a safer world.",


"ID":515
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":516
"title":"Indonesian Sea Nomads",
"description":"The Orang Suku Laut consider themselves indigenous Malays. Yet their interaction with others who call themselves Malays is characterised on both sides by fear of harmful magic and witchcraft. The nomadic Orang Suku Laut believe that the Qur'an contains elements of black magic, while the settled Malays consider the nomads dangerous, dirty and backward. At the centre of this study, based on first-hand anthropological data, is the symbolism of money and the powerful influence it has on social relationships within the Riau archipelago. The first major publication on these maritime nomadic communities, the book also adds fresh perspectives on anthropological debates on exchange systems, tribality and hierarchy. It also characterises the different ways of being Malay in the region and challenges the prevailing tendency to equate Malay identity with the Islamic faith.",


"ID":517
"title":"Report of the Tribunal of Inquiry on the Fire at the Stardust, Artane, Dublin on the 14th February, 1981",


"ID":518
"title":"The favorites of the flower garden",


"ID":519
"title":"Social Signal Processing",
"description":"Social Signal Processing is the first book to cover all aspects of the modeling, automated detection, analysis, and synthesis of nonverbal behavior in human-human and human-machine interactions. Authoritative surveys address conceptual foundations, machine analysis and synthesis of social signal processing, and applications. Foundational topics include affect perception and interpersonal coordination in communication; later chapters cover technologies for automatic detection and understanding such as computational paralinguistics and facial expression analysis and for the generation of artificial social signals such as social robots and artificial agents. The final section covers a broad spectrum of applications based on social signal processing in healthcare, deception detection, and digital cities, including detection of developmental diseases and analysis of small groups. Each chapter offers a basic introduction to its topic, accessible to students and other newcomers, and then outlines challenges and future perspectives for the benefit of experienced researchers and practitioners in the field.",


"ID":520
"title":"Elements of Hindî and Braj Bhâkhâ Grammar",


"ID":521
"title":"New York Magazine",
"description":"New York magazine was born in 1968 after a run as an insert of the New York Herald Tribune and quickly made a place for itself as the trusted resource for readers across the country. With award-winning writing and photography covering everything from politics and food to theater and fashion, the magazine's consistent mission has been to reflect back to its audience the energy and excitement of the city itself, while celebrating New York as both a place and an idea.",


"ID":522
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":523
"title":"Cincinnati Magazine",
"description":"Cincinnati Magazine taps into the DNA of the city, exploring shopping, dining, living, and culture and giving readers a ringside seat on the issues shaping the region.",


"ID":524
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":525
"title":"Populars flowers [ed. by R. Tyas] 3 ser",


"ID":526
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":527
"title":"The Planet Remade",
"description":"Despite the on-going political horse-trading over emissions targets, each piece of new scientific research offers further evidence that no feasible reduction in the emissions can now effectively mitigate the carbon crisis. With limited time for action, an increasingly influential minority of climate scientists are exploring proposals for planned human intervention in the biosphere. A stratospheric veil against the sun; the cultivation of photosynthetic plankton; a fleet of unmanned ships seeding clouds: these are technologies from the radical fringes of climate study, and they are chilling, not least given the risk of hostile use. And yet, we're now at the point where we have no choice but to take them very seriously indeed. The Planet Remade explores the science, history and politics behind these strategies. It looks at who might want to see geo-engineering techniques used, and why - and why others would be dead set against any such attempts. Throughout history, people have made huge changes to the planet - to the clouds and the soils, to the winds and the seas, to the great cycles of nitrogen and carbon - that are far more profound than often realized, and which can help us to fundamentally rethink our responses to global warming. With sensitivity, insight and expert science, Oliver Morton unpicks the moral implications of our responses to climate change, our fear that people have become a force of nature, and the potential for good in having such power. The Planet Remade is about imagining a world where people take care instead of taking control.",


"ID":528
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":529
"title":"Rapin Of Gardens",


"ID":530
"title":"The Ecohydrology of South American Rivers and Wetlands",


"ID":531
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":532
"title":"A Botanical Dictionary: Or, Elements of Systematic and Philosophical Botany ... The Second Edition, with Many Additions, and Illustrative Plates",


"ID":533
"title":"JournoLISTS",


"ID":534
"title":"Paul Nash",
"description":"As a painter, illustrator and critic, Paul Nash (1889-1946) was at the forefront of British art in the first half of the twentieth century. Inspired by Willam Blake, Samuel Palmer and Dante Gabriel Rossetti, he produced some of the greatest paintings of the First and Second World Wars. In the intervening years he helped introduce the British avant-garde to the thrilling potential of European modernism, experimenting with abstraction and helping to establish the Surrealist movement in Britain. In this thoughtful and comprehensive survey, David Boyd Haycock explores the full course of Nash's eventful career, his profound love of the English landscape, and the psychological forces that led him to pursue a lifelong vision of flight.",


"ID":535
"title":"Holstein-Friesian Herd-book",


"ID":536
"title":"The Odyssey of KP2",
"description":"Documents the author's efforts to help save the critically endangered Hawaiian monk seal species by rescuing a two-day-old abandoned pup, an effort that has involved controversial decisions and studies.",


"ID":537
"title":"A Dissertation on Oriental Gardening",


"ID":538
"title":"Spectacle de la Nature",


"ID":539
"title":"Checkerboard Square",
"description":"During the past decade, homelessness became a widespread phenomenon in the United States for the first time since the Great Depression. The public frequently blamed the poor for their plight. Journalistic and academic accounts, in contrast, often evoked pathos and pity, regarding the homeless primarily as objects of treatment and rehabilitation. David Wagner challenges both of these dominant images, offering an ethnographic portrait of the poor that reveals their struggle not only to survive but also to create communities on the streets and to develop social movements on their own behalf. Definitely not passive victims, the homeless of Checkerboard Square survive within an alternative street culture, with its own norms and social organization, in a world often hidden from the view of researchers, journalists, and social workers.Checkerboard Square reveals the daily struggle of street people to organize their lives in the face of rejection by employers, government, landlords, and even their own families. Looking beyond the well-documented causes of homelessness such as lack of affordable housing or unemployment, Wagner shows how the poor often become homeless through resistance to the discipline of the workplace, authoritarian families, and the bureaucratic social welfare system. He explains why the crisis of homelessness is not only about the lack of services, housing, and jobs but a result of the very structure of the dominant institutions of work, family, and public social welfare.",


"ID":540
"title":"Conference Proceedings",


"ID":541
"title":"Catalogue of Fruits Cultivated in the Garden of the Horticultural Society of London, at Chiswick",


"ID":542
"title":"Climate Change",
"description":"This Food Policy Report presents research results that quantify the climate-change impacts mentioned above, assesses the consequences for food security, and estimates the investments that would offset the negative consequences for human well-being.",


"ID":543
"title":"Heidegger and Homecoming",
"description":"Making use of material that has been both neglected and yet to be translated into English, Heidegger and Homecoming explains the elaborate means with which Heidegger proposed that humans are able to open themselves to others, while at the same time preserve their self-identity.",


"ID":544
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":545
"title":"Cincinnati Magazine",
"description":"Cincinnati Magazine taps into the DNA of the city, exploring shopping, dining, living, and culture and giving readers a ringside seat on the issues shaping the region.",


"ID":546
"title":"Syntax and Semantics",
"description":"This comprehensive overview of Icelandic syntax contains new analyses of word order and long-distance reflexivization, detailed studies of case-marking, and the first systematic description of the -st middles. It presents a complete picture of modern Icelandic syntax as seen in the tradition of generative grammar, striking a good balance between theory and description.",


"ID":547
"title":"New York Magazine",
"description":"New York magazine was born in 1968 after a run as an insert of the New York Herald Tribune and quickly made a place for itself as the trusted resource for readers across the country. With award-winning writing and photography covering everything from politics and food to theater and fashion, the magazine's consistent mission has been to reflect back to its audience the energy and excitement of the city itself, while celebrating New York as both a place and an idea.",


"ID":548
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":549
"title":"Mathematics for Practical Men",


"ID":550
"title":"Rural Residences",


"ID":551
"title":"Jet",
"description":"The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.",


"ID":552
"title":"The Rotarian",
"description":"Established in 1911, The Rotarian is the official magazine of Rotary International and is circulated worldwide. Each issue contains feature articles, columns, and departments about, or of interest to, Rotarians. Seventeen Nobel Prize winners and 19 Pulitzer Prize winners – from Mahatma Ghandi to Kurt Vonnegut Jr. – have written for the magazine.",


"ID":553
"title":"Billboard",
"description":"In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.",


"ID":554
"title":"Stowe. A description of the house and gardens of ... Richard Grenville Nugent Chandos Temple, marquess of Buckingham",


"ID":555
"title":"Gender Issues in Water and Sanitation Programmes",
"description":"Exclusion and inequitable access to water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) services and opportunities are major concerns to development practitioners. The job of providing water for the household invariably falls on women, often at the expense of their education, income-earning opportunities and social, cultural and political involvement. This book aims to unpack the key elements of the WASH–gender nexus, examine these and recommend ways ahead for improved gender outcomes and WASH impact in India.",

"ID":556
"title":"International encyclopedia of dance",
"description":"\"Exciting and fascinating, this reference work succeeds in its goal of bringing \"joy as well as enlightenment\" about all forms of dance in all countries of the world. An extremely useful synoptic outline of contents\" with nine sections (including \"Ritual and Religion\" and \"Popular Entertainment\") enables the user to explore dance in its cultural and social aspects, while topical essays complement the 2,000-plus entries. Heavily illustrated with black-and-white photographs, the encyclopedia captures the fluid movement of dance; with its depth and scope, this outstanding work has carved a well-deserved niche.\"--\"Outstanding Reference Sources: the 1999 Selection of New Titles,\" American Libraries, May 1999. Comp. by the Reference Sources Committee, RUSA, ALA.",


"ID":557
"title":"Proceedings",


"ID":558
"title":"Proceedings of the International Conference on Perspectives of Computer Confluence with Sciences (ICPCCS-12), 10-12 December 2012",


"ID":559
"title":"The Confessions of Augustine",
"description":"General Books publication date: 2009 Original publication date: 1885 Original Publisher: Warren F. Draper Subjects: Biography",


"ID":560
"title":"Warisan lima desainer",


"ID":561
"title":"INTED 2011",


"ID":562
"title":"The Encyclopedia of Popular Music",


"ID":563
"title":"Holman CSB Pocket-Bible",
"description":"Handy HCSB Pocket Bibles with a durable Duo-Tone Binding and a Slide Tab Closure. Gift-boxed, ribbon marker, 7 pt. type.",


"ID":564
"title":"The Gentleman's Magazine",


"ID":565
"title":"Commercial human space flight",


"ID":566
"title":"Sport scuba diving in depth",
"description":"A guide to the theory and practice of scuba diving, covering such topics as equipment, basic skills, the diving environment, underwater physics, dive planning, safety measures, and more",


"ID":567
"title":"Antisense Technology in the Central Nervous System",
"description":"Antisense technology has been used for several years to \"knock down\" the expression of specific genes in living tissues to study the functions of their protein products. Specifically designed antisense oligonucleotides (ODNs) are short lengths of man-made genetic material designed to interfere with the production of the protein encoded by the gene. This can shed light on the function of the protein; alternatively, if a disease process results from an excess of a certain protein, the method can in theory correct the problem. Faster than transgenic techniques, but more problematic in practice, antisense has been seen as something of a \"black art\". There are many technical problems to understand and overcome. This is the first book to provide a critical review of the uses of this technology in the central nervous system. It includes: Background to the technology problems of design and synthesis of antisense molecules administration in the brain protection of ODNs from metabolic destruction potent for CNS research and therapy. Antisense Technology in the Central Nervous System describes the promises and the pitfalls of this approach, and compares it to other approaches. The practical experience of leading researchers is combined with a thorough description of the theoreticalfoundation of the technique, making the book ideal for researchers and clinicians alike.",


"ID":568
"title":"The Australian Liberal Party",


"ID":569
"title":"Proceedings",


"ID":570
"title":"Did Australia's Baby Bonus Increase the Fertility Rate?",
"description":"\"In May 2004, the Australian government announced a “Baby Bonus” policy, paying women an initial A$3,000 per new child. We use household panel data from the Household, Income and Labour Dynamics in Australia Survey (N = 14,932) and a simultaneous equations approach to analyze the effects of this bonus on fertility intentions and ultimately births. The results indicate that opportunity costs influence intentions and births in predictable ways. Fertility intentions rose after the announcement of the Baby Bonus, and the birth rate is estimated to have risen modestly as a result. The marginal cost to the government for an additional birth is estimated to be at least A$124,000.\"--Melbourne Institute web site.",


"ID":571
"title":"A Literature Review of Emergency and Non-emergency Events",


"ID":572
"title":"Holstein-Friesian Herd-book",


"ID":573
"title":"Proceedings",


"ID":574
"title":"The House of Commons, 1906-1911",


"ID":575
"title":"Support Vector Machines and Kernel Methods",